 A wooden chair in the living room
 white horse near avebury
 Yellow flower surrounded by scorched black stalks - Moore Nature Reserve
 King Arthur's beheading rock - right on the sidewalk in the middle of town
 This is a shot of the Brittanic flag flying atop a farmhouse beside a field of megaliths
 It was taken when the season was running out and only this lonely flower was left in the field.
 Coma sleeping on her bed in the front bedroom (2008)
 Photos from a trip to a castle tower above Ljubljana.
 Frost in my bathroom window as seen on a cold winter day.Cabri, Saskatchewan in February 2011
 this was the sun and some tree branches in front of my bedroom window.. i inverted and edited.
 A bottle in the main door of Tiffany and Co.
 wild ducks in a big sweet water lake in Guizhou,China
 Asbestos is used willy-nilly in ukraine as building material. Dad and Tanya have an asbestos roof and an asbestos fence.
 Iris near the tri-foliate orange tree
 View out the window of the upstairs bedroom of Mercedes' place in Holland, MI.  August 2004.
 bridge street in the rain ..
 sitting in my computer chair.
 You see these in orange, magenta, red and white all over Tenerife. A riot of colour.
 box elder bugs on one of my old 33" truck tires layin under the tree
 Kellogs in a pizza box =)(c) celine jacinto 2010. all rights reserved.
 A pink car on the ferris wheel in Odaiba.
 Me in a tree at my school in France! boy was I high up there!
 Area just north of hydro-electric plant near Great Fall SC. Power lines can be seen just above the tree line
 Dan, waiting for fish to jump in the boat so he can retake the lead from the NG
 Mommy, Daddy and Chase in a paddle boat on the lake at the Tarara Winery outside of Lucketts, VA.
 Monkeys up in the tree as seen from our river cruise along the Belize River. 
 Chicago at night from bridge over the river
 bits of glass smoothed over by the waves and sand
 The day is over .. the big red sunball goes to sleep painting the sky in red
 The plate near the door almost makes it look like the CCTV camera is the logo of the hotel.
 A new church in Leam with cool window reflections.
 A corner view of a brick building in black and white.
 darren on the corner of beach blvd and main st. bsl bridge in the background. soooo tired of streets torn up.
 Brix sitting in her rocking chair on the front porch
 This boat man has to pull the bamboo boat across every divider as the water does not flow across in low tide.
 This is a flower of a gourd plant in my backyard.
 A little bird built her nest underneath the roof of my veranda this spring.  She hatched 4 babies. 
 Felix in his uber cute argyle cat sweater.  Too bad he HATED it...with a passion.
 A close look at winter stoneflies reveals mottled wings and black or brown bodies. Photo by Jason du Pont.
 This crazy dog was jumping up and down at the tree and running all around
 Out of my bedroom window at 8 o' clock in the evening
 Had sleeping bags and pillows in the back of the truck and a chair for Bill.
 Sunset red sky over Koltur
 A train trellis over a body of water surrounded by trees turning.
 Bird Running in water on beach near Monterey
 Cinnamon and nutmeg in tree form. Delicious! Your wall will thank you!
 Karipol Leipzig, Germany, abandoned factory for house und car cleaning supplies in leipzig. founded in 1897, closed in 1995.
 The pump house (second building in the background) and some other building next to it (in the foreground)
 The best picture of Maybree in this cake box was taken by Lorna or her mom with Lorna's camera.
 This box has two spearmint plants in it and a chocolate mint plant which smells really awesome.
 A cozy street cafe with a canopy and the colorful reflection in a modern glass building
 fire boat at the dock's under the bay bridge just after dawn - embarcadero, san francisco, california
 Cool tower at the top of the mountain in the rainforest
 not a cloud in the sky (marin trail)
 Glass knobs in Stone Glass design for furniture knobs, dresser knobs, bathroom knobs, kitchen knobs and more.  Custom sizes available by Uneek Glass Fusions.
 This train car is parked permanently in a yard in Royal, Nebraska.
 over the door shoe organizer
 mr. and mrs. wright and mr. and mrs. van der hyde. not a bird in sight....
 Looking at the new bridge construction with the Kate Shelley Bridge in the background.  There is a coal train going by.
 some with glass, some only have a white glaze....these will have glass added at earthenware temperature. Some will have lustres added in a seperate firing
 The empty lot next door shot from computer room window.  Usualy there are Mallards swimming in the temporary ponds.
 sand castle on Copacabana beach in Rio de Janeiro
 Pine tree and the sky above the San Juan National Forest in Colorado
 pedestrian over bridge with leaping girl
 Camera is sitting on a hotel towel on the air-conditioner with the lense closed in the sliding window.
 Tomato plant in the ground
 where they replaced the squishy floor in the second bathroom
 I found this old farm house at the base of the Alps near Castle Neuschwanstein.
 Minor road in Trivandrum, East Fort, viewed from roof top restaurant China Town
 Tunnel with the walking path near my house with trees
 An alkaline and hypersaline lake in California, United States that is a critical nesting habitat for several bird species.
 Somewhere in this house there's a magic mirror, a talking candle stick, and a glowing rose underneath a bell jar
 Another shot of the building next to the sixth floor museum in Dallas
 Dnieper river under dramatic sky
 Site 14 outside Tecate Mexico building a house by the TKA students.
 followed into the bathroom by a boy
 A very surly looking black cat in a very hot Italian village.
 Mabel and Daisy enjoying the yummy green grass in the hayfield, while their summer home is being fenced off and built.
 Spider rock dominates the landscape at canyon de chelly in northern arizona
 Gorgeous wedding dress detailed in black and white.
 found in a vending machine in a train station in switzerland
 a tropical forest in the train station! how cool is that!
 kid at table 032307.todd in chair 053006.
 Caurosel horse with Eiffel tower in background
 Mallard duck in in the river Stour in Canterbury
 Yet another tree stump in the truck
 out of the oven and fruit mixed in
 This is a glass ceiling in the lobby of an office building.
 Not the best idea to roll around on my floor wearing white
 girl in the strange red sunglasses
 le hast le hill in le pink le shirt
 fork in red velvet cake
 A view of the warning track through the fence in the left field bleachers--April 9, 2007
 new twin span bridge goign over lake pontchartrain
 Accessible check-out window in a doctor's office waiting room.
 Conrail SD50 No. 6749 leads a westbound TV train approaching the Route 53 bridge near Cresson, PA.
 US mail box found in the middle of the street
 red sky over london
 my sister's dog Diva in the car
 baby magic candle in blue
 Cow dog in my kitchen
 Daniel up by the red bag tackling!
 Taken in scotiabank theater where they have set up this sofa for publicity of the simpsons movie
 Kinda cool to be in traffic with a street car in 2009.
 One of the famous inhabitants of this street was famous writer Franz Kafka in house no. 22.
 Carrotwood Tuckeroo - street tree in Sydney
 Elena's mini quilt is paper pieced and machine sewn by me.
 One half of a stereoview of a Maiko girl kneeling beside an Ikebana flower arrangement.
 nothing like a stone and red-sided house in the snow.Columbia, MD
 An unusual bright blue winter sky in Vermont. Taken from Williston near the I-89 overpass.
 She's just chilling in her Halloween outfit (complete with black cat hat)...
 Man  in mountain cabin sitting by fireplace on a cold winters day
 The street car that runs by U of A in Tucson.
 took Bertie to work today and he slept in the empty flower box on the way home...cute ;-)
 The wind seems to talk to this palm family plants in the blue sky of Dominican Republic.
 me, in blue sky basin
 cat in the hat - reunion
 in a public flower bed along a public parking
 Attached by Bert van Loo - 2001clear float glass
 Two east-timores little girls refugees standing on a row on a religious building near the border at Maliana area. TIAGO PETINGA/LUSA
 A window on a service building is seen at Allerton Park Tuesday, Oct. 27, 2009, in Monticello, Ill.
 A birthday gift for a friend--a designer bag made from chocolate cake covered in chocolate fondant, with gold food coloring.
 These totem poles were built by Lijiang City Dongba Museum in a small mountain road
 The deepest lake in US. and one of deepest lake in the world. the color just indescribable blue. see little boat there. 
 and on a rock in the middle of the water
 especially after i passed out and he pulled over so i could puke out of the car door haha thanksss
 View onto the lake at home in Finland with sky reflecting on water surface, I like the colour...
 the boy was playing while his parents are away in the paddy field across the road.DSC_3597_1
 Davis Mountains Texas State Park in the Chihuahuan Desert 2010 trees blue sky
 Old road and rail bridge over Kiel-Canal at Levensau (part of Kiel-Suchsdorf)built 1893
 Robin chicks my daughter Ciara found in a pine tree by the driveway
 The Bled castle on a hill above the lake.
 A cat drinking from a puddle near my house
 On the roof of the highest building in Brighton
 A lake, up high along the road to Mt. Evans in Colorado.  Shot off the bike with a Konica-Minolta 5D.
 The water tower by Coleshill as seen from Gore Hill (as seen on Grand Designs).
 fitting a plastic bag over the mj table
 Rick's favorite road sign in Germany; it means "no speed limit".
 Spotted this incongrous looking building tucked away among the office blocks of Akasaka... only in japan..
 girls jumping off of the 50ft cliff at abique lake in santa fe new mexico
 Stu and Murry get wet while walking by the water
 Put those big sticks in there. I'll sit here and watch. My shirt is red and I like hats.
 Dry river bed in Maspalomas
 Vlak voor de invasie van het rode leger zijn de gaskamers in Birkenau door de nazis opgeblazen.
 bee coming in for a landing on a golden rod plant
 View over the church wall
 Windy (Weim) in water, Mickey heading for the lake and Jagger running around the lake 1 minute before the accident
 a seagull in flight over nile .. love the blue and silver colour...
 Little girl in School she was so cute 
 a young chhantyal girl in traditional dress
 Girl in front of a house boat
 A box of Heineken bottles on the sidewalk on Chaplain Street, NW, in Washington, DC
 blue wall and window in Kinsale, Ireland
 Called The Eye, this bridge 'opens' like an eyelid by tilting up to let river traffic through..
 base frame of lighthouse super structure made of aluminum to be assembled in the field
 This is actually in Buffalo, not Orlando, but I spotted it out my bus window on the way through.
 Cerviche I assume, a street scene in Manta taken from the bus window
 The aftermath of a water main bursting outside our house in the middle of the night
 Stained glass window in St. Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin, Ireland
 Almost black and white. I just edited exposure and white balance in this photo to make it look right. 
 After sandboarding I needed to wash of the sand in the Indian Ocean with it's beautiful white sandy beach
 A strikingly red boat in the Noorderhaven (P1030552)
 Carlos is somehow interested in this paper towel roll. 
 sign on current n78 on junction with road leading to newbridge, near kilcullen junction
 27-Glass curtain in Cornell glass museum
 From window of bus, a thatched roof house in my neighborhood.
 Snowfall on a pine tree near Charlotte, NC.
 View from the train to Snowdon hidden in the cloud
 A family of four birds against the gray evening sky shows the feathers of the wing and the bending of the neck with the movement of the wings.
 Since his swimming lessons over the last year, Paquito has taken to the water like a duck.
 A jelly fish in the water at the beach in Fort Bragg, California.
 caught a car tail lights while getéting a random street scene in Dublin
 the boy in the window
 my favorite door in the mastercraft building
 bridge over untroubled water
 She is perched on a VERY narrow shelf under the towel warmer in the bathroom.
 the only non white tiger in the habitat when I went there
 bright sunlit ash tree against a stormy sky
 Then you have to chase the ball along the ground as it gets kicked along by your team mates...
 Ken in the yellow shirt
 Pugs on chair in the living room not watching the TV
 The field beside my house has just been cut by the combine harvester the other day.
 pepin sleeping soundly in the background...i love the way my sheer red curtains filter the light.
 My car dreams to be this car from the auto cross in Savannah today.
 The contrast of the flowering pear tree against the bare branches of the other trees caught my eye
 Old Pepsi machine beside a building in Rockford, Ohio.
 I believe a bear was in the box taking to be hanged!
 Ecuador, amazon basin, near coca, rain forest floor with ferns growing around tree trunk
 20090914-16-Kangaroo fillets with macadamia encrusted rosti and forest fruit reduction at Blooms Cafe Restaurant in Broome
 more dead bugs all over master bathroom floor
 Laval,Quebec,CanadaLook under the bird closely, what do you seeThe male tried to distract me by doing the injured bird .......... 
 Rocks in canal and cloud reflctions on the water
 Trevor Basin and Pontcysyllte Aquaduct in anaglyph 3D red blue glasses to view
 The glass house in the botanics.
 This is my friend taking a nap in my sleeping bag with our friend's dog for company. 
 Dameisha Beach, Shenzhen: Taking a break and relaxing in the sand at Shenzhen's newly developed beach resort.
 Sunset from boof's uncle's ridiculous house in laguna beach
 Pallino and Jasmine on my window while staring at some pigeons down in the street
 A crayfish, under a thin layer of ice in a creek in a small canyon near my house in Frosty Hollow, WV USA.
 blue bell in pink make-up bag
 Back of house with bifold door in diner fully open
 1st night in a big boy bed
 south of e tawas, near singing beach bridge
 the sleeping flower (it closes its flower buds at night) in our little pond.
 I found this driveway mirror walking around in Riva San Vitale.  I wonder what the locals thought I was doing.
 I spotted this butterfly just resting on a rock while hiking in the White Mountains of Arizona.
 view of old castle in field ii
 A bird in the house
 bird in a tree
 more green in person than in this picture. Very excited to have new fiber. 
 Close-up of stoic tree trunks reflected in water of creek inside Riley Park, Greenfield, IN.
 a duck swimming in the ocean :D:D
 Spanish-American War Monument flag pole base in front of St. Louis Civil Courts Building
 This boy wandered over. Our dog in the background.
 new clock over the TV in the living room
 The road in front of my house - one lane  only
 This dog and his owner were having fun on the beach by the Thames at London's South Bank.
 water tubing in a river in jamaica 
 From a bridge over the river Foss, Walmgate, York
 see the reflection of mountain and river in the water drop
 The simplicity of ocean water flowing over rocks is peaceful.
 a small airplane that had been flying low over the water
 shot in front of wall map at kings cross gig
 An Angel of fortune on paper framed in black box frame.Credit to Logical1 for the pic  :)
 Simple daisy against blue sky
 6:55:15am. Trying to take in more of the gradations of orange to pink to blue. Failing.
 My car in the parking lot through the window of his staff car
 An inquisitive cow surveys the road near Sheffield, Tasmania.
 I think the one in green spotted me
 Wrapped up...been running and jumped into the lake, this was the only thing in the car to wrap up in...
 twee schildpadden in een grote vijver in het bos !! Gedumpt door een onverlaat, die er genoeg van had....
 St Marys Church, Luton, reflected in nearby plate glass
 Barbara looking out over the lake while perching on this rock above it.
 Castle look-alike building under the flyover highway
 Balloon girl and her reflection in a mirror
 A beach near the house and St. Ives. 6/2003.
 Summer green hill in Romania.
 beach house in Cullera
 Looking in from the entrance this office is just to the left of the sign in room at St. Catherine's
 The building in which the American Art Museum / Portrait Gallery library is housed
 memory box linden allee blue trees by Lynda
 Reflections in my glass table top desk at my Westside apartment study
 A beautiful antique mechanical horse, stored in a warehouse / recital building
 Brett Lee comes pounding in to bowl another ball
 Accordion book, wood covers wrapped in Mulberry paper with copper plate etchings and watercolor. Copper plate etchings on Reeves BFK
 The setting sun illuminates the castle headland viewed from the beach in North Bay.
 _reflective water over sky
 a strange selection of objects found on the kitchen table in the morning
 Guitar leaning on a tree on an island on O.S.A. lake in Killarney Provincial Park.
 When I was younger, my friends and I used to dress this fish up in scarves and hats.
 Old castle in SrebrenikInside of the calstle view to the master tower
 A white pine bonsai tree they have.  The sign says it's been in training since 1625!
 This dress and hat are modeled off of the character Mei in My Neighbor Totoro.
 A nesting female Carolina wren (Thryothorus ludovicianus).Location: A chicken coop in North Fort Myers, Florida
 This incredible building in Minot, North Dakota is an authentic replica of a church built in 1212 in Norway.Scandinavian Heritage ParkMinot, North Dakota
 foilage on limestone rock face around canyon lake
 Swirl in a glass of water
 A road in Camp Pendleton. See the Range sign ahead.
 Ellen and Bei buy fruit at a market in Deqin, Yunnan.
 A gorgeous red and green plant among the mulch. A diamond in the rough. 
 Bolivian girl in red
 man walks dog in black and white
 so happy - he loves crawling under the blankets and sitting under pillow tents n stuff
 Ricks - boat in water
 mountain bike trail in Fernie, BC
 atop cadillac mountain in bar harbor 2007
 Ah. Such a nice boy to row me around the lake on my special day!
 The size of our bathtub in Toyoko Inn. Incidentally it was more or less a bathtub, shower, sink combo.
 Spelen in het water en de modder, een leuk schouwspel van deze groep olifanten in Chobe National Park, Botswana.
 Christmas balls in a glass bowl with lights
 Morning view of the next door neighbors unit. There are holes in the roof where the chimneys came off.
 sprayed onto the cement sidewalk on the bridge over the cut where the skytrain travels, Woodland Drive
 Happy girl wtih backpack in front of house
 These orchids were in a shop window and are real. I like the combination of plum color, green and white.
 The road on the left is the hill up under the railway bridge. The road on the right is parallel to the High Street.
 An escalator to the top of Osaka's sky tower in Japan.
 This holy animal is called Kylin, which looks like lion but not. It is a legend animal in Chinese fairy tale.
 Palm tree in the sand
 balcony off the master bedroom over the diningroom below
 A pair of geese sits on the ice.  The expanse of river in this field is huge.
  A special piece for an office space in The Met building in Central London.
 clock tower at the victoria and alfred waterfront cape town - bathed in the warmness of the setting sun
 After a 30 minute soak in 1/2 and 1/2 bleach/ water solution, the once green trees were a yellowy, white.  
 The column marking the end of the Via Appia, with the base of its missing twin column, now in Lecce.
 Wren's are building a nest in a house built by Adam.
 Looking back in the window to the downstairs bathroom sink
  deep red and white blossom on trees near the Pillar Garden (I think)
 A street shot of Nairobi's kimathi street with Kimathi house in background
 Ran into this furry friend while walking around the Savannah historic district.
 Dad checking out the creek in the cloud forest
 awesome black cat we met in red hook
 Not quite sure what the name of this bird is........Saw while walking along the beach in Ocracoke, NC........ 
 yeah.. I need to clean the mirror in the bathroom
 Blueberries turning blue from green in the butterfly garden at the Elkton Community Education Center.
 Sun flower at the Farmers market in San Francisco. View Large
 A 2.5m tall tree in the living room, straight out of the family forest acres.
 Underneath a huge tree that was growing on top of and inside a collapsed old building in the woods.
 Wuppertal-Elberfeld / Germany: Reflections in  door window
 This meanie was trying to cross the highway to get to some water. None left in the creek due to lack of rain.
 living room and kitchen levels, radius wall framing and bow window void in living room(upper deck)
 Fire in the sand and sky
 red shirt in bangkok
 paper made from wallaby grass and lallowwood leaves from a papermaking co-op in australia. 
 This animal swam down to the rock and then slowly paddled along the ground right in front of me.  
 The bird thinks it a favor to give the fish a lift in the air  - Rabindranath Tagore -
 cat in box
 You do not want to swim in these beautiful clear blue waters.
 Theo van Haren, Honda CB 450. CRT classic race demonstration on a street circuit in Veenendaal, The Netherlands.
 John's waiting to throw the perfect rock in the river
 Cleartrip's office area near my desk
 large plastic fish blow-ups against river scene mural
 Lost in the mountain an old chair and an old lovely vespa.
 beach impeach, torrey pines state beach, NORTH near tower #6. april 28th 2007
 view from bathroom at 96th floor lounge in Hancock
 yellow rock in castle
 kittykat under an eileen gray table
 i thought this was a very colorful photo, with the women in tibetan dress leaving the multi-colored rickshaws.
 Your not seeing things, that's Nora and a teddie bear in a chicken costume sitting in a blowup yellow duck.
 fish in the lake
 iy2990 aerial airplane flying over the pacific ocean clouds 
 Fresh fish market in Puerto Ayora.
 My son on the beach for the second time in his life.
 bike by the beach
 E3 2010 green screen gaming fun in the Target Recharge Station
 Her rocking chair in the kitchen
 outdoor kitchen wall in construction 3
 1976 AMC Pacer automobile at Cruise Weekend car show in downtown Saskatoon, Saskatchewan in August 2009.
 Clear mountain river in Flam
 blue sea and boat in portixeddu, costa verde, sardegna italy
 My travel setup - camera go in the green bag
 Coptic Church building in the side of the rock quarry (Moqattam)
 A black and white shot of the stables in the field at the end of our garden.
 thats me sitting in sofa in the middle of the night - lit only by the street lamp down the road
 Looking further south,there was still some  blue sky and patches of  cloud lit up by the setting sun.
 Yung guy in black t-shirt. he seems to be waving to the girl by the fountain.
 December 7, 2009double rainbow spotted over our building
 Gumtree in the brown water
 Rainbow on my corridor wall, produced by light passing through the edge of a mirror
 I had dinner in a restaurant on the Tel Aviv beach Promenade, and a cat wandered in and made himself at home.
 Viewing a lion from under glass at MGM Grand
 Revolving doors and light sculpture in an office building on Victoria Street, London
 Tropical fish abound all near the beach in Kauai.
 Decatur, Georgia.  Downtown.  The Artisan.  I liked the contrast of the rounded silver edge of the building against the blue sky.  
 world's best car in rally trim running down the road in nara.
 The tree goes right through the cafe, right through the table in fact. 
 ikea tetrahedron lamp in master bedroom
 Max's golden cross in the centre
 granite in green glass
 dexter is allowed in bed cause he's cute
 We have exclusive use of the north showroom door entrance seen here near the black SUV.
 glass styles over red background
 Dead tree in bullock field
 fish in the water
 St. Charles street car right in front of our hotel
 View of the surrounding area from a lounge space in the classroom building. Beijing, China; 11 Jun 2009.
 Best part of the show: the guy in the white chair played "When the Saints goMarching in"
 Out in the field having new grass to eat.
 fascinated by this building I visited the park again next weekend to take it with a blue sky
 the attic window looking oceanward in the GG brick house (see next pic for description)
 They've spotted a snake in the water
 This was my view out of my hotel window on the beach in  Mackae Brasil.
 bike trail over highway
 made with an editing program. Little red riding cat is played by Lucy and grandmother/wolf is played by Jerry
 Taken from the window in the bedroom of our apartment in Badalona
 a vialed glimps of a joshua tree I like how this was captured by chance.Of course from a moving car window...
 Some nice long grass down by the river near my home village. But beware the creeping stealth cow!
 my house plants in the kitchen window
 Annother photo edit of selective colouring, with the yellow left in, this time i left the orange in as well
 dog and cat in tel aviv jews side
 Another view of the front of my house in Jacksonville... Aww look, there is my old car again! 
 The lake at Cromford in front of Scarthin (the bookshop is just behind the tree on the right)
 I like the clarity of these buildings despite the low light. And the green glow of the street light under the trees.
 he was walking in the middle of the street
 A van parked in the street
 A little blue in the sky
 My apparel I work. We could construct whatever dress we wanted from the dresses we learned to drape in the class
 Two male Elephant Seals fight for dominance in the surf at a beach in San Simeon.
 The glass roof over a walkway in a Sydney plaza
 A beautiful pink flower inside the main conservatory at Longwood Gardens near Kennett Square, Pennsylvania
 strawberry lemonades and a gorgeous yellow throne! this is the same chair I sat in for the Omaha Magazine photoshoot.
 A blue sky at one of the estate near to my workplace at Gopeng
 Big girl sitting in the kitchen 4.
 Armin van Buuren video by Giles Hendrix and Joshua Goldberg
 Looking over at the modern road bridge
 rice fields under the blue sky
 angel island under the blue sky
 The wall of the city of Valetta right near the bus area.
 Some fish for sale brought over to our boat by the Kuna.
 two male Swans in battle,  on marlfield lake clonmel tipperary ireland,
 View of in Prague, Czech Rep. from castle hill area
 Amazing how a little humidity can make a street torn up by road construction look interesting.
 the stripped damsel known as, micheal jackson, black and white in color is hiding
 Neon orange mini oil spill caused by cat not BP
 A small collection of beach bird photographs taken between 2003 and 2006 in Indian Rocks Beach, Florida.
 View from our 8th floor window (Room 806) at the King George Hotel in San Francisco.
 Somehow park benches and lamp posts always look better in black and white.
 Noah riding on the elevator in our beach house in Destin Florida
 Trees and blue sky as seen from the trail around Sutro Tower.
 girl profile in red
 shiny lamp in the sky
 tree in the water
 A glass bottom boat in Oranjestad, Aruba
 Another dime-a-dozen mountain lake in NZ
 Kestrel in tree opposite house
 chicago 08 pt 2 - boat tour - passing under bridge
 pink gooseberry pyrex cinderella bowls--brand new in the box from my (now ex) boy for my bday :)
 Taku Lake Lodge, 2 female black bears fighting over a cub
 Bruce softened by the sight of an airplane flying by surrenders the front seat of our vehicle to his loving sister Lori.
 New carpet coming next week, still need bird decal's and flower ceiling ornaments for above the crib.
 On the Road to Hana you will find the beautiful arch formed near a black sand beach
 Branches against a gray sky
 jane at weaver street market in carrboro
 From the inside upstiars balcony above the front door to the light in our front entry hall at the new house. 5/18/07
 Odd rock scupture we came across in Prague, the artist has hidden faces and creatures within the cave-like wall
 View from the cable car in Hong Kong ocean park.
 A gorgeous butterfly stopped by to check out dog park progress on 8-6-08.
 Sea lion colony by the beach near Punakaiki
 Dheishe refugee camp in Bethlehem.  That blue water tower in the distance marks the end of the camp.
 Two views of a milk bar at the ball grounds in Rochester during ''Milk ...
 Got off the plane in Oakland, took the bus to the station, and caught BART from the Coliseum to SF.
 Taryn trying to throw her hat in the ocean
 person in bear suit
 deluxe kitchen - comes complete with unidentifiable brown goo in a jar under the sink
 boat ride in the lake
 Taken in Durban, South Africa.  Highlighting blue tones.The shimmer of blue, reflected in the silver scales of this school of fish.
 After a few years of wear and tear, your laptop keyboard can be in a sorry state
 tree near my house
 Winter in black and white 6
 Lake Bala Steam Railway in anaglyph 3D stereo red blue glasses to view
 US Air Force plane from the 1960's with Hanoi's Cot Co tower (built in 1812) in the background
 I like the angled tin roof to provide air flow above the container building
 Appomattox - Grant's table in the McLean house
 Monty the cat keeping warm in the curtains in small office computer room
 Au Sable Lighthouse tower window reflected in the keeper's dwelling window
 Aspens, Mountains, and blue sky in the Colorado Rocky Mountains
 The building from ballantyne street which is the front with the court house in the back
 check out that green that was under the old wall coverings
 There were these glass topped holes in the roof which were originally designed to let light into the catacombs.
 second largest tree base in california
 Only a duck could sleep standing in water :-)
 That's the Masons monument under construction in the background and definitely a stake for the wrought iron fence in the foreground
 A well worn stone on the beach at spurn point with the ever changing coast line in the back ground
 the textures in the sky and the ground were intense when I was flying
 Wife walking dog by Horshoe Lake.
 Ken in the felted cat bed
 I'm not sure where this door leads, but it was in the wall in front of the Coliseum.
 cool water color in avalanche lake
 Camping in Dinosaur Provincial Park June 2009. A bird bathing on the sand bar in the middle of the little sandhill creek
 IMG_0528 Fence around tree around fence
 point I discovered on the hill above the house here in Cloverdale.
 Wrap newsprint, flour, salt and water around a balloon and paint to make Peter Pan paper machete puppets
 I finally got the bike in front of the mandatory closed garage door for pictures. 
 A common farmer ploy; put an old car in the field to keep the Geese out.
 I was amazed at the fantastically clear view of the Liver Buildings from this little road in Seacome.
 Mystic Mountain, including the "infinity pool", water slide, and bobsled, with a view of the ship in port.
 looking out at Flinders street station through a network of scratches in the train's plastic window
 Open door in the middle of the picture is oneIgloo's cabinet.  The gray box is an air-conditioning unit.
 Study in black and white
 For thanksgiving we had a few friends over for dinner.Stacey had to dress up the poor poopy dog for Thanksgiving.
 Flowering plant against a brick wall makes interesting combination of colours. 
 The internals.  It was (obviously) a laptop in a previous life.  The screen is 800x600 and has thousands of colors.
 Shot while flippig images on a computer screen on to a camera set to long exposure.A project inspired by Phillip Maisal.
 the bathroom wall comes off so i can hide stuff in it
 DMACC's freshman guard DeMarko Dawson tries to sail the ball in for two against Kirkwood Wednesday night.
 Art above the door of the Kapnikarea church on Ermou
 Plan is to replace the space above the stove with a space saver microwave oven.
 Mike, in the blue ECHO shirt about row 7 positions himself well for attacking the hills. 
 aquina Head Lighthouse on the Oregon coast with cow parsnip blooming in the foreground
 The strange and seemingly pointless flower on top of the most abundant plant in the table top.
 Taken in front of computer screen with polarized lens.
 photography stone covered moss in wood at the beginning initially autumn near river
 Breakfast in our #kabul office :) u car order this everyday at the office before 10am. #fb
 View from my office window in Crary Lab.
 fish in water
 us in fish bar resturant
 Fish for sale at a local market on a side street in Yangon.
 Cooling off in the river outside of Zion National Park. The water was just perfect swimming temperature.
 This is the duck we chased around in the water
 Neon elf socks in the first green grass of spring!
 each table was named after a beach in Florida
 I found it cruel for a tiger to be locked up in a glass cage in America
 More grass growing in the lake
 Sanding, priming, painting, reinstalling kitchen cabinets. Also painting wall panel in hallway.
 Originally it was a square castle with a tower at each corner.  Two earthquakes damaged the castle in 1837 and 1927.
 in the butterfly house at the Tennessee Aquarium in Chattanooga
 horned toad in box canyon
 flying over the green
 she laughs in the face of cameraShes a pom cross a few other species. Tiny thing.My aunts dog
 duck confit in red curry
 The reflection of our canal boat in the Royal Library aka black diamond building
 My dog lets herself into the house and wanders around as she pleases
 An example of an early house in Prospect Place, with the local style of timber sash window and door canopy.
 blue is not a common flower color, but there's plenty in the village. oooh ahhh.
 The girl in red
 Grade 1 listed castle right on the coast in Northumberland
 Dutch bus serving in Havanna (CUBA) now. The sign still says "Delft station".
 tree house in Tainan
 Point Arena Lighthouse, from a distance.  (Taken out the rolled-down car window in the rain.)
 yes, bungalow office Silchar.. i can make out with AC in background and the red chair!
 this is ms. allsten's (a really old black lady that lives below stephen) cat
 Quiet street in front of the building
 hat over one eye - blue checked shirt - adorable smile
 Two little dickie birds sitting in a tree!I've added a blue filter to this to make the photo a bit more interesting.
 Young baboon in the campsite at fish river canyon
 like a dog in a small white box
 Japan, hokkaido island, lake kussharo, tree on crater slope in sunset with dramatic clouds
 I love the flashes of red felt against the stark black and white.
 Both man and hat are carved from concrete.The hat has fiber glass strands in concrete  to give texture to the hat.
 You can tell this is a student residence by the road sign secreted in the garden.
 Mos de Talib Kweli rock the house @ Nokia theatre in times square  Manhattan
 Baylee and Mia in chair black and white
 on the road and distracted by old train line
 in butterfly house
 Standing on a wall near a museum at the top of a mountain near Namche Bazaar.
 piece in meres 5 points black book says meres.
 Golden Gate bridge tower from ferry near Sausalito
 palm and oak trees under the blue sky
 Kittens sleeping in a pot
 Boys cross a fence at Jama Masjid Old Delhi to play cricket in the gardens.
 Crews building the new truss bridge are literally hanging out over the Nooksack River.
 This is another one in black and white 
 red ball in green grass
 flower in a bottle
 girl in the water
 Two maple leaves on the sidewalk in front of the house where I live.
 Rusty building by water
 Had to try a black and white with this. There's more.Po' Monkey's Lounge in Merigold, MS.
 Henry in his robe after a spa treatment (aka, a bath in the kitchen sink)
 Taken near Bolton Priory, a forest walk upto the River Strid. The forest floor was covered in blue bells. 
 "E-220" door sign, seen in the corridor outside Cabin E-220, Deck 7 port aft on Carnival Sensation.
 Old styled mail box near a big house in the russian village 
 A place called Aqua Sauna in Constanza. The water is really clear and really cold.
 The reflection in our sliding glass door
 A black telephone box.  Red ones in the background.
 Sanding with ultra fine sand paper made by the Mona Lisa Company, the box awaits its final coat of polyurethane.
 emma on a basket boat in a fishing village
 TV and computer desk (DVD, VCR in area beneath
 Look how high the snowbanks are in relation to the the garage door and chris's truck lol 
 the little monkey who lives in the flower
 2 male mallards fighting over a female
 top drawer pull is from the flea market in aix
 norton building in lockport -- north side wall
 Michaela had a blast making pizza in the kitchen at the Phoenix Children's Museum.
 sky over mohawk river
 Trails made by the seaweed retreating at low tide. At the black sand beach in Aialik Bay
 Kitten in the plant pot
 On top of an overpass overlooking the highway running underneath me.
 Chelostoma rapunculi male (Hym. Megachilidae) in a flower of Campanula media (Campanulaceae), 8.vi.2008, Lessive (B)
 masks at the flea market by the opera house
 Sign above ground even though train is below ground
 in volume 2, sewn edges with perle cotton and glass beads, cutaway fish pond
 this little girl is annoyed because her candle kept being blown out by the wind
 Lesson 6-Zooey in his cat bed
 well he did it saved  $128.25 working on thngs around the house for his new bike 
 water fall in Trump tower Fifth Av.
 12-6-05 red sky at ranch by Cole
 Yucca cactus in a rock garden with bunny ears cactus and purple prickly pear cactus in front of a dark red stucco wall.
 A street sign in Ginza.
 Portrait of teenage girl in library
 Folk ornaments in curtain and towelling in a wooden pub at Belarus National architecture museum. July 23, 2010
 All the yellow portions on the east side of the house were added by a subsequent owner in 1880.
 The first-floor women's bathroom in Canaday library is covered with pun-filled graffiti like this.  I cannot resist a pun!
 Sun Sculpture on the road above Cottesloe beach 
 A great sign in bouroughs market
 Mixed use high rise building with undulating facade in Seoul, Korea.  Design by Edgar Bosman and Peter Couwenbergh.
 Brenna in the water and the white
 Osprey nest as seen from the bridge over lake Coeur d' Alene.
 Here's the bed with the headboard on it. Look how cute hippy and knitty look in the hearts.
 smaller tree growing in the tree I am standing on.  bonzai in nature
 Framework in place for our new bedroom window
 World biggest largest tallest clock tower in Makkah (Mecca) saudi arabia 4
 Sink and faucet were sitting in my basement for three years, finally, i get to see them installed
 Cecilia in her red dress at the Opera Garnier
 Shot of the underneath of the bed after wire brushing, eastwood rust converter, rust enscapulator paint and sprayed with truck bed coating.
 The house is finally enclosed and is getting wrapped in pretty pink
 Chaotic terrain in the southern Sierras, as seen from an airplane flying from Las Vegas to San Jose.
 The peacock is from HA clear design Happy Hello set.  Pink and brown colors inspired by Kelly. Gems by Kiara
 reuven in tattis black hat retrunt 
 On one the rare plant in the desert valley near the Boiling lake in DominicaWest Indies, Caribbean island
 front flower bed edging with left over brick from the house
 taken from the bridge that carry's greenway road over bishops lydeard railway station
 DSC03522 street vendor near the fish dock
 This monument, across the street from the Massachusetts State house, honors the first black volunteer unit in the Civil War. 
 Pirate ship taken from under the waterin the region of Tresco using the oriental sky texture from Torley Linden
 Katakolon is a bit of a one horse town and here he is - resplendent  in a straw hat
 cool japanese fishing float lamp in an original 1962 tiki bar
 found this in the window of a VW camper parked by the beach
 market building near the barcelona cathedral
 Jenever + sake + apricot liquer + lemon juice + orange flower water = Win by Jason @320main
 Het klooster zou gesticht zijn door Willem van Croy en Maria van Hamal in de 16e eeuw.
 red above blue in manchester
 A red domed building, spotted on a walk around Damascus
 A box makes a fine chair after all the running around
 blue angels above alcatraz and man with hat
 sadly, the water was really this color. no swimming in this river for me.
 by going through the base of the flower (calyx).  This flower is Salvia Guaranitica 'Argentine Skies'.
 My creation box of matches from a bar in Tokyo
 Wearing a cute new dress by pheisty and a helmet by bigsmudgeuk.
 house in the middle of the street
 These Catholic neighborhood boys were walking around with a spray bottle of shaving cream. They were playing hooky from school.
 driving cross country is like sailing...only dryer...and your in a car
 water pond near parliament house
 Butterfly at the butterfly house in Sioux Falls SD
 sea weed in water at beach muckross kilcar co donegal 20/7/10
 boy in basket
 This is Monty sitting like a good boy in the kitchen while we make dinner.
 This house wont be used any more... the wall came down in the eartqueak. Old house that didnt make it.
 clock in front door
 The little monkey dog digging for vermin down by the bay.
 Behind the flower bench in front of our house on a late September evening, watching the clouds withdrawing.
 A trader in the spice market smiles at the prospect of another bus load of tourists.
 a bit of extreme raw in black and white
 This is just a few bottles that were collected and placed on the wall in front of the house
 The tree branches frame the setting sun perfectly as the grasses and flowers glow in the rays of golden hour.
 Boat dock is under water preventing this boat from touring
 todd stepped in some dog poo at the dudes' house thanksgiving 2006
 white tree in woods
 Woman wearing a conical hat washing fish in the river at the Hoi An fish market in black and white.
 There is a black cat in my back yard
 dog in car
 magnolias in a silver sky
 Cut from my garden, in front of my kitchen window with the afternoon sun glowing through its silken petals.
 Jenny in cat bed
 A view of the entire board of directors table with the audience in the background and Seattle Channel television cameraman.
 Scottish wildcat (Felis sylvestris) climbing fallen tree in pine forest, Cairngorms National Park, Scotland.
 New ground floor kitchen installed by Mikail - so clever
 Highest spruce-fir forest tree line in the world.
 The back of Alexandra Palace, where the old train station still stands (the small building in front of Alexandra Palace)
 Mysterious greyish bird with a red patch on the underside of its tail in the neem tree.
 Fountain with statue of little boy, water jets emerging from bottle in his left hand and fish between his feet.
 flower bed i just started in the  summer by my drive way
 Small window above ground floor entrance (sorry - a bit obscure, but I liked what was growing on it!).
 I got some water from the Jordan River in a little bottle in my room.
 Man and dog enjoy the sunny day under a beach parasol 
 Just a little sail boat @ dock in the water. 
 A dead and rotting fish on the banks of a lake blooming with toxic algae in Lincoln, Nebraska.
 a bridge to cross in the rainy day
 ... except she's in a wedding dress and has brown hair, and I'm not and I don't.
 Shade sitting in the sand and sun to get dry
 plane signs up in the sky
 Coca Cola in the clear blue sky
 Autumn Leaves Images  taken from our bedroom window in Ottawa, Ontario,  2010
 The largest living christmas tree in the country (Or so the sign says)
 One of eight on the Washburn water tower in Tangletown.
 This is the stunning coast along south Croatia, comming by train from the mountains.
 My sister in front of the street sign in our front yard.
 While taking some photos in the bathroom I saw these lovely ladies outside the window talkin' it up.
  climb climbing wall man in hall adult extreme sport human motion dynamic male movement person mr 
 kasouga beach dog with brick in mouth
 Mahogany map table built in my home workshop. Showing book rest propped up.
 View of the Julian alps from the clifftop castle above lake Bled.
 marks in the beach sand made by a tractor that pulls the boats out of the water.
 Mini car repair under the bridge
 Driving to Simon's house in the Hunter Valley, NSW Australia: the sky was doing VERY weird things this trip.
 Like a bridge under troubled water
 Fresh anchovy fish for sale at a market in Ameyoko near Ueno Station, Taito Ward, Tokyo, Japan
 Bean in the lake behind the house
 Juncus effusus (Soft Rush) - 1a - plant in flower
 air plants in the cloud forest
 Another magnificant stained glass window in St. Laurence Church, Ludlow.
 At the train station in Galway after the morning ferry from Inishmore to Roseaveel, then bus back to Galway.
 enjoying a class of wine and chocolate cake at java monkey in decatur
 Alix is a female golden retriever and a service dog in training.Picture taken by her foster family. 
 monkey house in copenhagen zoo
 Cherries on a tree near my bus stop.  
 in silence - white horse in the field - serie 2
 brother champion hounour in mountain bike
 Dropping Pablo off in Philadelphia after our vacation.  The blue rental van (Hyundai) is at the extreme left.
 other laser cut screens in front of orange wall
 This house is in King George street, but I made one floor less . Aquarel and pencils on paper,1990
 the window in the sky which provided blue sky and sunshine throughout my walk today
 A ducks swimming pattern in the water making it's way towards his friends
 Detail on door in monument
 the blue box has a sleeve in it so you can shake the stars and the moon is drawn behind it
 flock flying over beach and looping around
 unknown hairy green plant at Tropenhaus Hamburg, a tropical botanic garden in a park named "Planten un Blomen"
 Footprints in the sand at Tynemouth beach
 view out my office window in Pton
 Testing photos in black and white with my new Canon XSI 450D
 This morning this beautiful bird past in front of my office window.
 The Christmas tree in the Bloomberg building courtyard.
 girl in the grass 2
 in kitchen from dining room door
 pics at camelia road house in New Bern after dad's funeral--June 2004
 Engel building bathed in blue light
 water in truck bed
 Malanda Falls, Atherton Tableland, near Cairns, Far North Queensland, Australia. Unripe fruit and flower buds.
 Some photos I took of the sky over the UK yesterday...not a plane in sight
 miracle: finished! and running water in both bathroom sinks, after years of getting there.
 View across road from train in Wakefield
 Toma, a female tiger at the Pittsburgh Zoo and PPG Aquarium in Pittsburgh, PA
 Skylon tower at Niagara Falls, with the Rainbow bridge in the middleground.
 Presbyterian Church under a gray sky
 'knife edge mirror two piece' that's my guide book down below to give you some idea of size
 Boy relaxing in the most comfortable cat bed ever.
 X mas tree in lake
 Roxy walking in wet grass
 bridge over the stream in the forest by the ocean
 Such a simple piece of glass art. Couldn't cross it by bike without capturing it.
 playing in the water fountain, gateway mall, salt lake city, utah
 water in the red bucket
 cute cat in a pottery town, Tokoname.
 cats love the sunlight, Stanley was half sleeping in the bike room which is a sun room too. 
 tower bridge by night
 Back on our ship, looking over the 9th floor balcony
 Pebbles under perfectly clear water
 I'm sinking like a stone in the sea. I'm burning like a bridge for your body.
 Vespa black and white in the mirror
 Fed by melted glacier water - the ground up rock gives the water the color
 "spa" located in river bed between cliffs
 That big rock in the ocean near San Teodoro
 We bought two orange azaleas to plant in front of the house.
 mitya's moscow photos taken while I was in Berlin@ Molodoy's lake house near moscow
 She sits atop my lime green Christmas tree in my home office. The tree is decorated in pink and white.
 birthday boy in red
 I was trying to get the sun exactly behind the cross and building when the bird flew in at the right time!
 big flag over a car dealership framed by the freeway bridge
 He paid the train driver 10 pounds to sit in his seat.His real job is station house restroom sanitizer.
 Desiree and Frederick in the horse ranch sporting Ecliptica (her) and Chacha boy with Aid to Artisan necklace (him)
 Stylish indoor street lamp in an office building.
 A depression in the water later turned into a big rock sticking up.
 Pretty lady doll dressed in formal attire holding bouquet of flowers.
 jelly fish in ocean
 Platycercus elegans 32-36cmThe low light in the forest allowed the glowing bird to shine.
 Lovely boy in a dress 3
 justification for hanging a ratty pink piece of cloth on the wall in the art museum.
 Photographed hand held out my office window with my Sigma 10-20mm lens. Edited in Photoshop for some mild orton effect.
 Just standing in the water in amazement
 The Del Monte water tower stands in the distance behind a wall section that is to be preserved
 View out the plane window while flying over southern Japan.
 exotic garden bridge with big fish pond under it
 At Derby Castle terminus, near the horse car shed.
 writing in the sand at morro beach
 Very naked cake - white choc ganache on a vanilla madiera cake just about to trim the over hang.
 With our balcony door in the back
 Nibbling some crooked grass by the Crooked Man's crooked house
 The flower which blooms in a field
 Pool from 7th floor balcony ... yikes we're above the palm trees!
 bottle opener and door keeper. come on autumn.. you're right around the corner.
 An attractive red sky with a blob of a cloud in the middle.Taken from the car park of The Appleby.
 A ship aground. Somewhere in the SouthEast Pelopponese, Greece. (Quick shot through a moving bus window.)
 Unknown persons swimming in Lake Spafford.  Not recommended if you want to live.  This water is pretty nasty.
 View down river Blyth from bailey bridge near Walberswick - north bank
 the green girl made waffles for the first time in her life
 On the hill above Evans Bay.  While in Hataitai, access is by cable car from Evans Bay Parade.
 The roof bar is held to the wall by silicone sealant...
 Penne Con Pollo (US$16.00)Pan roasted chicken breast, leeks, arugula, shitake mushrooms, tomatoes, in a roasted garlic white wine cream sauce.
 Girl under cake table
 these are horse jumps in the field we walk through
 view from observation tower: small space bare of trees along the mountainline near center is bays mountain fire tower
 "Chuck's shirt" in the "I am done room" @ guitar house
 Watercolor paper: Hand-drawn with pencil and sharpie. Colored with water color markers and gel pen.Very glittery... much better in person :)
 black and yellow by Hackney Road
 glass for the church windows being paintet in Tauca, Los Andes, Peru
 This normally has small, yellow blooms--but look at the cool way water gathers in the leaves.
 Cow chair for Droog by Niels van Eijk
 bachelor buttons garage pad in brown wooden flower boxes wally made 
 this was a really random boat hanging by the river in camden 
 Kolkata - wholesale flower market near the Howrah bridge
 bird nest in orchid box
 The lone rock in the lake
 The famous Berlin television tower in the evening glow. Taken after the berlinflickertreffen Photoshopworkshop.
 Big rock in the forest
 Historic telephone box near Senate Square, Helsinki
 The sun setting over Cirencester during June 2010. Photo taken from my sister's tree house in the back garden!
 Our neighbors cat trying to get close to the birds in the tree
 Da dun 4th street - flower in road-3.jpg
 This cat stared me down in an old west style sidewalk shoot out.
 Romantic Red Roses with a cute Teddy Bear arrangement handed over in person by my friend during winter in USA
 Looking to the bottom of a lake at the rock bed below
 mum in my dress my hat and my bag
 Pitcher plant in the hot house at the winter gardens in the Auckland Domain.
 Site 14 outside Tecate Mexico building a house by the TKA students.
 house in forest
 Lake Avenue bridge is one of two in the city that can accommodate elevated train traffic (the other is Wells). 
 a 91 car grain train heads down the "K-Line" near Clarksville,MO on August 10,1986...(Ron Herren scanned photo)
 Resting cows underneath the DAMEL bridge in the middle of a road crossing
 Usa, washington state, mount rainier national park, near sunrise, old growth forest
 Little table in the boat
 All the yellow portions on the east side of the house were added by a subsequent owner in 1880.
 Scott at computer in our house
 It's a hard life -- swimming and playing in the lake all day.
 Colorado River, in a black mirror
 cicadas all over the base of the tree
 This is a boat I saw while walking near the house we rented..
 The girl in the red is my niece, Emily. I don't know the girl holding the picture...but  I though it was kinda sad.
 That's the bottom of the old smoke stack.  It extends through the roof of the building into the water in the other pictures.  
 Michele and I took at sail boat ride in the sound
 He is eating the seed pods (helicopters) in the silver maple tree in our backyard.
 The former railway bridge crossing the river Maas in Rotterdam.Ilford Delta 100 Pro - July 2000Hasselblad SWC
 door into main floor bathroom.  Doors are pickled pine on main floor in loft.  Doors on ground floor are painted pine.
 My next destination, this is at the bus stop near the M60 bridge on Greengate
 The master bedroom balcony above, the patio below
 Stone lion at the entrance to a building on Grey Street, Newcastle upon Tyne.
  crop this to above the door and the sidesThey'd painted the door red for Labour. But that didn't fool me!
 ia1934 aj6201 road north carolina nc blue ridge parkway in the autumn near grandfather mountain 
 Ossie Clark before he had his head bashed in with a flower pot by Diego Cogolato
 cat in hat
 Graffiti on the wall of a scary gas station bathroom on Hwy 99 in California.  Somewhere between Sacramento and Bakersfield.
 cute house in colmar
 A beach house in P.M. Note the trunk of the palm tree in the center.
 shredded paper in the car
 this stone was from Tai Hu ( a lake in Suzhou)
 street lamp in northwest section
 A cat by the tile stove and Final Fantasy XII on the screen
 A lonely boat in the water off Bamboo island off the coast of Ao Nang Beach Thailand
 That sign is a bit in the ditch and mostly up to it's neck in snow. Oh... this is the road too.
 Dogs sleeping in the shadow of a huge rock
 oldest bar in nyc! there's even sawdust on the floor for authenticity.
 I saw this outside my office window just sort of hangin' around ... 
 Een groot monument in Adelaide om de gevallen soldaten van de Eerste Wereldoorlog te herdenken.
 Kim and Dave in this old truck on Wallace Island. I'll bet Captain Mac has the pink slip. 
 A disconnected bridge over a lake in Upstate New York
 black bird in mexico
 Blue food dye dropped in water in a pint glass.  Blue food dye at the bottom alredy in glass
 Early in the morning, I took a shot of the bottom of the tower from the ship - in the afternoon, I took a shot of the ship from the tower... 
 Old US car in Havana from our hotel window
 the ball hit the crossbar - the Kean team in the white lost 1-0 
 Animal ribs in basin of dried river bed
 Seen and photographed in a park of Turin. People in the background are watching a street basket match.
 The sky over the 3 train terminal at the New Lots avenue station in Brooklyn -- September 2009
 Baby Tess in her  flower hat
 Despite falling off of the roof of our car traveling @65 mph- the tree made it home in one piece.
 another duck tour coming under the bridge
 bee in the flower box
 Doodling after walking my dog one evening. graphite pencil in EDM sketchbook
 rare blue sky in winter
 Like water under the bridge
 Blastmaster Flash Joe Calabrese conducts his daily business in his mountain top office
 Quick sand in boston bar
 bridge over yellow river
 This duck wouldn't pose nicely, managed to just about get the eye in though. On the lake at Llanberis 
 The yellow stuff in the tree are lemons!
 a reflection of a tree in some classic car oil.It looks like stars in the night sky to me.
 vintage red glass pod beads combined with modern Czech glass diamond-shaped beads in aqua
 if you look closely, you will see the bird in the tree top.
 Just through the wall from the kitchen garden with a view to the kitchen window for signals of 'tea's in the pot!'
 a fussy grey cat who likes to sit in her basket
 Lisa in her cutesy pink 60's MAD MEN dress 003
 A small wooden fishing boat in Shoreham harbour when the tide was out
 Alien Bee400  bounced off wall at camera right.SB800 into silver umbrella just in front of groom.
 snow day at willen lake in milton keynes!the peace pagoda, a buddhist monument in willen.
 Sleeping in  my big girl bed for the first time!
 Playing with long exposures in the back yard. The fog and street lamp make for eerie lighting.
 My brown eyed kitty Bo, one of Pearl's kitten's. Was killed by a passing car today. Im so sad:(((
 dog barking beside the road
 ship under water with sun reflecting down
 The library in the monastery! Now I see why the door was so decorated!
 tiger in pot
 smaller falls with a rock in the middle disrupting the water flow
 tree in black and whit
 Coming Down the West Fork of Molino Canyon you can cross under the highway and head straight into the campgroud/parking area.
 Ocean Shores Sand castle building festival 2008. Happens in Late July
 A view of the retreatant's building and bell tower at the abbey in Trappist, Kentucky.
 shoe shop in bus
 1971 VW Beetle in pink and white
 There is nothing left in the building but these books were outside in the grass along with some other papers
 2007.  Rustic barn along mountain road near Wytheville Va.  Shot with Canon F-1and nFD 35-105mm f/3.5 lens handheld. 
 Hard point of rock in the river below Hungry Horse dam, MT.
 Mom in a flower pot
 Summer thunderstorms building over a lake in Southern Arkansas.
 This branch was on the ground outside our beach house in Oak Island, NC.
 Look what I found in an old library book!The book itself dated to 1941.
 A disgustingly blurry photo of my car in front of a friend's house in Arcadia.
 elephant bathing in river
 At a campsite in the adirondacks. The lake water was so warm and clear!
 Sun over the yellow hill
 The brick wall in bedroom #2. We found  fireplace.
 bakers building and street in graton, ca
 If I'm able to - I'm going to the fishing by my boat just across the channel , opposite my house .
 These are growing in a window box outside out kitchen. Ilove that the blossoms are also purple.
 Dog bowl in street
 guy in green dress
 We are looking over the building site where our future house is to be built...
 walkway near building 7 heading to pools and beach
 This fun beach bathroom really transports you to a spot in the middle of the beach.
 standing in my chair
 Sal and Luke walking up to the castle in Pickering, North Yorkshire
 kieran at the honey pot near the computer corner.
 Portland's Fremont Bridge reflected in the window of a nearby office block.
 Burning the old dog house behind Chris' house on Hillandale Drive in Nashport, Ohio.
 Pretty silver starsShining in the blue skyMaking me smile
 down in the wall street area
 fallen tree at pine quarry park in Reynoldsburg,Oh
 Julie and Bob on the chicken bus in Belize
 cat in laundry basket on top of open wash machine the basket is starting to fall in with him
 a little boy and girl in the bayon ruins near siem reap cambodia
 Outdoor book market in Calle Claudio Moyano near the Retiro Park.
 From the Edmonton Canada Cup mountain bike race, July 11th, 2010 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
 The ground had just been aerated and the grass seeds spread. Sometime in March 2007.
 the road down  the mountain in Huntsville
 A Road sign along the highway in Bolivia.
 England Devon Little Dartmouth Tree and dry stone wall near Warren Point
 some flower by the road
 Rolled over armored car with 7 million in cash on the ground
 This male tiger let us come very close when he was resting under a tree
 kitchen table in hallcliffe house
 me in front of the lit kyoto train station tree
 I'm guessing this is part of the team that is searching for the black box of the Cessna that crashed in Lake Michigan this week.
 an old door in old house
 Sorting fish at the fish market in Aberdeen
 Do not wait for your ship to come inget in your boat and row out
 DH built a bear for Stanley at Build-a-Bear, asking the girl to stuff little catnip sachets in its paws.
 I captured this in a  beautiful sunflower field and with a little help from Adobe I made the solid black background.
 The butterfly had stranded in a tub of very green water. From Risoer, Norway 2010.
 Harvey found a nice spot in the shade of the flower bed to hang out while I watered yesterday.
 My kitchen window above the sink :)
 ducks at green lake in seattle, wa
 Kayak sitting on the white sand beach with majestical view of the open sea in its native form. Beautiful!
 Man reading book underneath lion statue outside New York Public Library
 Charming white house in beautiful downtown Charleston
 Walking the beach in the early morning I passed bird stalking the shallows.
 this t shirt print by heat pressmaterial from flock filmcut off with vinyl cutter  in mirror image
 Some clouds in a blue sky through a polarizing filter.
 A view of the river from the bike trail of the camp.  In summer time, you can play canoe in the river.
 The keeper's house on the hill behind the light. A Coast Guard Adminal resides in the keeper's house now.
 Just green grass in Central Park
 girl in purple on a green field
 flying over the gg bridge
 Photo by Jeroen van Oostrom - Old fashion coffee grinder against a white background with coffeebeans
 45 pounds in the suitcase + 45 pounds in the bike box + 15 pounds in the carry on - food - water = trouble
 my dog running and playing in the grass
 My son cross over the hanging rope stage. He was holding onto the safety line... Forest Adventure, Singapore
 This is a little blurry, but there's a really neat little white flower hanging below the three leaves.
 White male tiger and orange female, at the Zoo in Naestved.
 Filthy dirty drip marks above kitchen bar counter closest to sink.
 photo sesh with the room mate on top of a 150 foot rail road bridge above the river. (unsafe)
 Two brown tree stumps covered by a thick layer of green moss inside a dense forest.
 A beach on the west coast of Vatersay in the Scottish Outer Hebrides
 Maggie on the beach at Swansea Bay with the tower in the background.
 sitting in his spongebob chair and watching...Barney of course
 An echeveria of unnamed variety sitting in a pot with my euphorbia enopla.  
 We live and work on road - Truck drivers in India - life on street
 One of the village lasses cools feet in the river while her herd dog keeps an eye out for bears.
 Flotillaing the swifter water above the canyon to facilitate swimming and alcohol intake. Life jackets are great!
 The clock tower in Brighton
 Even in the freeze of winter, the lush greenery of the Sierra forest bed amazes.  Note the moss on the tree trunks.
 This chicken likes to hang out in the pig barn.
 Made with yellow glass beads, seed beads, and diamond beads. Created by Tea.
 water patterns in the sand
 Gliding more than 1,100 feet above the canyon floor is America's longest single-span Aerial Tram.Canon City, Colorado07.2010
 A teeny weeny nest of them, clinging to the roof of our beach bungalow in Mirissa.
 this was inside a glass bottle near the beach
 On the glass floor in the Spinnaker Tower
 A fishing boat taken from our apartment by the water in Penang.
 A nice door in the water system
 A beautiful flower and a beautiful bird- set against a clear sky- how can I not click!
 On the bus tour.The castle ruins in front of Loch Ness.
 More attempts to capture just how green the grass is in the spring..these geese were very happy in this field.
 This could be redone now with blue clear plates, but I'm over my PORTAL obsession.
 White waters of a fast mountain spring as it's passing over and among large brown shaded rocks.
 Martin on his bike on a bridge in a bamboo forest!
 fryes in river grass
 Motorists and a dog converge near a road block on Highway 299, closed due to wildfires. 6/27/08
 March 2009. Cute bird outside my motel window in El Paso.
 New bathroom under construction with closet and wall removed
 Boy, girl and dog in snow, Floragatan 3, Stockholm, Sweden
 Snowy tree by the lake
  baked fillet of plaice set on potato and white crab meat cake with east Lothian asparagus in herb dressing
 Greyhound bus - check out the passenger in the window
 He was looking out the window and the reflection of the sky are in his eyes..
 Pet me or I will knock over your plant while you're sleeping
 Local wading bird with large fish in its mouth
 Robert Decker standing in the front yard of his house on Oswego Road in 1964 or 1965.
 A park in Santa Rosa. Howarth I think. You can ride a train or a horse or rent a boat.
 Big boy in the Snoopy chair
 The mirror ball above the stage at the Luminaire, taken at the Sarabeth Tucek show, 19 May 2008.
 Atlantic Puffin sitting on a rock with multiple fish in it's beak on Machiaas Seal Island
 The famous dead vlei in Sossusvlei, Namibia, where water has dried up leaving only withered, sunburned, crooked tree trunks.
 The wooden house in the east Tokyo
 Stakes in the grass mark the ends of the  great ship burial Sutton Hoo
 The Eiffel tower in blue - 9
 "Material Girls" A view from inside our truck out onto the street in Hollywood.
 Fly fishing in Flores island, Azores, Portugal. hydrangeas, green grass, ocean view
 Little tree growing in striped rock face.
 colorful clouds above the pine trees
 Steve crossing the bamboo bridge in the rubber tree plantation
 stalls in the road selling all world cup stuff
 Xixi in cow print on the walk to school. Dad with pink backpack.
 Emily in white shirt
 Bobby by red tree
 Art work adorns a telephone pole near the inner dispersal loop.
 mirror in the bathroom
 The famous rose colored glass in the street lamps in Venice are unique in the fog.
 I've never known a plant to produce fruit from within the flowers. It's remarkable.
 I really liked how the water looked going over the red rocks. Arizona 04.08.2004
 Stained glass window in Hexham Abbey
 Taken from the window of a moving train shortly after the sun had disappeared below the horizon.
 The highest road bridge in the world!
 bridge over puddled water
 wall in kitchen
 off of cahaba beach road by the closed bridge. 
 The Irish flag flying on the bridge over the Cedar River
 Me  after swimming in Mirror lake on the way up to Tincup Pass
 View near hot water beach
 This hardy plant requires very little water and thrives in the desert of southern Jordan.
 The door in the wall
 I love the fencing around the ocean beach!
 From the bridge over the river, looking down at a building
 relaxed man with laptop computer over white
 Remnants of water driven mills in the river
 east side with 59th street bridge in background
 Australian in house field trip
 Girl standing near lake
 She's got everything but the kitchen sink under there.
 Note the wine bottle in the sand (that may have helped with our great ideas) 
 Maybe this was the way the sky looked in 1944, when it was filled with black smoke from the 4 crematoria.
 Outside in her blue dress
 Weather vane against blue sky
 Finger in water glass
 we put my dress over a chair in an attempt to keep it from wrinkling
 No balcony drinks at the Hermitage hotel near the base of Mt Cook..
 bear in tree
 bear face in a place
 table in the house
 a serpent eagle eating a turtle is a rare sight in corbett
 California tower at the other end of the Cabrillo bridge in Balboa Park
 orange flip flops just below the orange chair
 ...with a mystic white persian in the sky
 Dove in white and gold, and its still pink from being fresh, collected by Molly Pace
 This is the only sign above the local Newspaper office. It's a banner screwed to the door frame!
 me in my dog grooming shop with my cute poodle, pheobe and regular client, ebony.
 The table setting for Seoul Garden: the soup pot in the middle for boiling food, and a hotplate around it for frying.
 uploaded for the Garden City Hospital show entry...all photos in black and white
 The display cabinet under construction. The lower drawer is lined with black baize.
 The sign on the light pole in this Moose Lake gas station parking lot reads:NOCONGREGATINGOR CRUISINGVIOLATORS WILLBE PROSECUTED
 train bridge in Canaletes canyon
 Some books on my shelf with my living room wall in the background.
 cat by my window
 My car KIA "Sorento" in Chernobyl. At the background one can see sunken Chernobyl inland water transports.19 february 2007
 Removing the hair - boiling water is poured over the pig to make it easier to remove the hair
 An inflatable ball floating in my cousins swimming pool.
 Scheveningen, castle in the sand
 Face-up and dress by mewig and bear :dollmoreshoes:luts
 Just a random little Simpsons-esque doodle in permanent marker on a wall by a bus stop in Hove.
 Seen on an express box near a bus stop along 16th St NW
 new house building in muttontown long Island ny
 a tower in the sky
 under the large blue sky
 Mini bike near the beach
 at the bus stop near my house
 April 2009My first hat by John Penman,  Awesome. Charcoal beaver felt with black ribbon and binding.
 Tea pot with pink flower painted pattern.  Made in China.
 dog in a cat bed!
 My favorite slogan T-shirt,hopefully it'll be shown on my wall in bedroom or as a curtain one day !!
 clarence newton road - near blowing rock - january 1 2009
 there's someone's face way up high in a window
 Inside the fish market in Cagliari
 bonfire at the lake house in TN...no idea what mom's doing here
 wooden person eaten by fish
 max in desk chair
 New bathroom mirror in situ
 Tree of life Daughters ring Light gray opal in sterling silver with Gold accent
 My company headquarters.  Once saw a woman doing the sign of the cross and saying IGLESIA! in front.
 boy in tree from earth lodge walk
 The blue stone floor was very trendy in 1970 when it was new.
 This is a white spoonbill, in Dutch it's called "Lepelaar". Even for South Africa a rare bird to see!
 Purple stone ball earrings accented by fancy Sterling Silver caps. Hand made by a fair trade organisation in Nepal.
 The tree over the window shade
 BV out of the car in the center grass (maybe 200 yards from Victory Lane)
 Fotosessie van Carlotta en mij in het water (gemaakt door Woody)...
 Upper cabinets installed above the far wall of the kitchen. The sink will be to the left and the dishwasher to the right.
 DSC_7832_173939 - bird in tree
 Nice flower box in Tallinn.
 Cute dog in someone's house
 Staring off down the hill because one of the other squirrels was up in a tree yelling at the feral cat.
 An eastbound hopper train departs the plant at Pleasant Prairie, in December 1994.
 Waves crashing on the coast on a beach in Malta
 Finally a blue sky in Tennessee
 You can't see him - but this guy was flying with a small dog in his lap
 Pylons cross the water at Llandecwyn in wales.
 Playing hooky, Bristle in woods wearing a sexy blue plaid short school girl skirt and thigh high stocking socks. 
 cat in a box
 A shot of the most photographed span in the world . . . I walked out as far as the first tower . . . very windy!
 Guns and Roses Offset by Shepard Fairey.  No. 211/750.  Custom Gloss black box frame, with matt black mount.
 blue flower in corn field
 Loki and Freya just playing around on the cat tree the other day
 Hundreds of orange balloons floated in the water at Canal City, Fukuoka, signed by children to celebrate Haloween. 
 tree ornaments: dip in water and press 
 it was more red in person
 758 - Shane in water at blue lagoon
 It's good to be back in the green chair
 Cute Toddler in white dress 01
 A considerable amount of snow in the gutters...perhaps my roof isn't as clear as the others in the neighborhood..
 lamp box of Tomoko Fuse, folded by me.
 A pigeon was building a nest just inside the mouth of the cave and kept flying in and out. 
 Tokyo, 1st of March 2010 - Tuna at Tsukiji wholesale fish market, biggest fish market in the world.
 My latest creation.  The pocket-watch fob has a magnifying ball clock given to me by my grandma.  
 I found these flowers at the flower box of Figaro Caltex in Sta. Rosa Laguna.  
 366 Cheryl in blue dress and red shoes
 Looking for Easter cake ideas in our vintage Wilton decorating book :)
 a cat by a river
 Tuesday, April 5 in Northern Ireland. County Antrim, Bushmill's Distillery, the Giant's Causeway and the coast of Northern Ireland by bus
 The water tower and 100 Jay Street from under the Manhattan Bridge, behind barbed wire.
 the "Four Norias" the old wooden water wheels in the river Orontes
 Even the bus stop sign is in French. Feels like home :)
 This bathroom is completely constructed of river rock and has glass blocks in the  ceiling for subtle lighting.
 A quick snapshot taken as a gondolier steered his boat under the bridge we were standing on
 My office window in the morning
 rock in a field
 The tree outside our house lit up a by street light
 from my minimalist phase, century plant against a black night sky over the Pacific, lit by streetlights
 giant paper flower in anthropologie
 Girl at desk in office
 This is my house with a 60 year old pear tree in front
 This sign was just lying on the ground near the guard tower.
 This old rusty chair against an old washing machine.. I absolutely dig this chair! 
 Kitty cat sketch in ink and water colour
 Beautiful Auckland NZ! (the sky tower we were in is the huuuuge building!)
 In Dalanzagad, early morning. Another blue sky in the Gobi
 shoe bike in feild
 Cat over rock wall
 He's so sweet gentleman:)  he was sitting infront of his house in Me7arag .
 The fish seemed to be trying to beach themselves in the hot weather.
 This is detail of a wall of a building in North Street, Chichester.  The texture is really incredable
 The green bottle on the table is Port Royale: in my opinion, Honduras's finest.
 holy cross seminary, room 13 at saint joseph's house - a ceiling window above the bed
 Despite having a tree fall on the south side, none of the windows in the library got smashed.
 Like this shot cause of how the person was nicely sitting under the spot light.
 There's also a Sammys lobster box and in the background you can see Sammys fish box
 A boy and his dog in San Marcos, Guerrero
 Old Pacific Crest Trail System sign framed in a tree
 The science section of the library.  The geometry set against a clear winter afternoon sky looked rather good, I thought.
 Jug of water in black and white
 large mountain bee over takes a bald face wasp 
 a tree in downtown athens beside a building
 Pidgeon takes bath on sidewalk in NYC.
 Halloween cats pumpkin jack o'lantern sitting in window
 Frodo finally decided to lounge in the bed I set up for him on the balcony.
 Taken in nz, such beautiful clear water there :)press L!
 A Qantas 737-800 is airborne as it passes the beach alongside runway 16R.  Sydney airport control tower is in the background.
 How to find a cat under the table using a camera flash:
 The colour of the water in the lower Coe river is just fantastic.
 Bass boat at watts bar lake in tenn. All ready to go fishing. And yes we caught fish.
 And we're off! Ducking under the Burrard bridge on @OrganicOcean's fishing boat
 sheaps in the sky, fish in the river
 After - floor laid, walls painted, tile under wood stove
 Town houses peep over the inner curtain wall of Harlech Castle.
 Blonde girl in bikini running through water at beach. Rawa Island, Malaysia
 Orchids blooming or in bud in my green house today
 Angel sculped in papier mache and air dry clay. She is carrying her paper clay basket to the garden.
 Old house on the side of the road in Cane Hill, Arkansas.
 glass building in london
 Looking through the glass in the floor
 A canvas bag decorated with a beautiful picture of a cat on a glow in the dark wall
 124 / 365  -  a garden in a window in a mirror
 Asleep by his water bowl
 Was almost run down by a bus taking this. Standing in the middle of the road is sometimes necessary
 I've been down and I'm wondring why these little black clouds keep walking around on me , with me..
 Taken near the island park in Grand Ledge, Michigan, with the water tower looming over the trees.
 Iguana across river in tree
 butterfly in red flower
 Origami paper set in polymer clay, surrounded by Czech glass seed beads. Hangs on a single strand.
 this was founded in 1895. rebuilt in 1913.I like this pink wooden wall. : )
 A parking attendant outside an office building sips a cool one under the heat of a hot, Malaysian sun.
 This is what you do when you are sitting in a car and it is raining.
 New bed in the guest bedroom
 As the boat rocked on the gentle waves, the sun slowly set and set the water shimmering in a golden glow.
 Dead bird in river
 a cute cat that lived within the cobblestone town.
 bringing sexy back, and boy in hat
 Fairly typical "big girl self-portrait in bathroom to minimize double-chin".
 Red and yellow jackets in the Tuscan door
 [1.21.11]I'm somehow in love with the fact that one tree is dead and dark the background is green and healthy.
 water bottle in the sun
 One man standing fully upon the roof of an SUV, which was moving terrifyingly swiftly down the road. 
 my little red truck in paradise
 The bar in front. The humidor is in the back. It will have glass in those slots, so you can see inside.
 Nathan works to cross the lake in his kayak.
 The view from my window in the students house in Liverpool. I woke up to the sound of the cathedral bells.
 taken from car window whilst car was moving near wolfscastle in pembroke
 Silly bird likes to sit in candle holders, better watch out or you might get a hot lil bum!
 You can see the pink tree in the distance.  Need to look up what it is...
 Siblings playing in the sand at camayan beach resort in subic
 The street market in Luang Prabang is full of attractions. They start young there!
 Wine Ad in Public Space attached to street pole
 Looking at Morrison Hall clock tower with Jabara Hall in foreground.  Taken on September 18, 2010 WSU Photowalk.
 The hostel registration is down the alley next to the person standing there in this photo. Through the small white gate.
 bridge next to grandparents house in  michigan
 reflection of pond grass in the water
 Hoshi towered over Maybeline.  They were running all around the field together.
 The boy digged a hole in the sandy beach, then the girl and the boy were enjoying sunset. 
 18/12 Een kijkje door het raam in de klas van Darius. Klaar om naar huis te gaan. 
 soul cups cupcakes valentines display at say cheese in silver lake
 Double ex...  road arrow and road sign near ocotillo , ca.
 May 10 2008 duck in the water
 looking straight up getting telephone wires running right above tree.
 Caine hanging out in the cornfield...in a flower pot
 Gracie reading her new book in the dog's bed
 A Sumatran tiger sleeping in the morning at the Toronto Zoo.
 flower basket in rose and plum
 View over lake towards the San Remo building
 pelican silhoutted against orange and purple sky
 Our lounge area in thailand. swarmed with lizards and alley cat fights.
 Ming sleeping under the dining room table
 there is no black in the night...it is just pure white
 Had Tara's dog over for the weekend.He is tuckered out after running around all day Saturday.  
 My cat on a cabinet next to the phone and lamp. Bored with life and not interested in the moth.
 A glass flower bed in St. Louis.
 Preparing the ground and building the wildflower bank out of gabions for the south pond in the Phoenix Garden.
 Prague: the water and the castle - Photo taken in September 2008
 A sign in Spanish is ominously written over in English using red spray paint. 
 Pabst sign above the bar
 giant birch forest lamp in Naomi's house
 Stopped at the end of my road and took this beside the truck
 The oldest building in the Senate square - a merchant's house
 tiny flowers in a pot at ma's house in Barrow - taken Oct 2006
 This photo was taken through a window while sitting in th doctor's office
 Clouds over seattle and blue sky over the sea
 Some serious vertigo when stepping on the glass floor in the CN Tower
 yeah, that really is a goose on the roof...not to be confused with a cat in the hat
 Wisteria and the Japanese tea house in the Japanese garden at the Huntington library and botanical gardens.
 The female was kinda running away, but you know who is the boss in animal relationships...
 Frosted grass on the hill of Stirling Castle in the winter
 tree in the sky
 Mommy Judy and Jacob in the van at our house in Colorado City
 caught my eye, lighting was just right to catch the leaves against the summer green and that red door. 
 Alix is a female golden retriever and a service dog in training.Picture taken by her foster family. 
 A monarch butterfly in the conservatory of the Bellagio hotel and casino in Las Vegas, NV - May 2007
 Toucan is a bird that lives in the rain forest of Central and South America
 He loves the Whiskas cat bed ever since I placed it in front of the window..
 Peru, amazon river basin, near iquitos, maranon river, village, local boy
 Backup cat decided the best place to nap today was under Mark's office chair.
 Tristen is in blue short sleeved dress shirt behind guy in orange shirt
 Another picture the kids took of Anchorage from the car window while we were driving around there
 iPhone pics of fruit market in Rio de Janeiro (Cobal)
 looks awesomer in person - the tree is more yellow and is glowing
 Decorative edged tags in Halloween colors...held together with black ball chain.
 Bare 430EX II behind male subject facing wall in manual mode.580EX II through white umbrella top right in manual mode.Triggered with ST-E2.
 my vote for coolest sign and wall in yelapa.
 Yorkshire Trip August 2006Black and white treatment of the perfect sky over the Dales taken from Sutton bank viewpoint 
 girl in box 50669
 A bromeliad blooming in a tree along a street in Curitiba, Brazil
 lost my time lost my place in sky blue
 Grandmas birthday  alicia yong red stripe shirt  with shirley cousin in burlington new jersey u.S.A.  May 2008
 Some houses near one of the bays of Seattle taken from the car on the highway
 a can of WD-40 in the water bottle cage
 a cute tiny yuppie yard in a sidewalk square
 i was wearing my ridiculous green hat - in Donald's hotel lobby
 slate floor installed. built in storage and window seat.
 alli by base of tree edit
 colorful fish from above
 Bikes locked up at the Delft Centraal train station.  Apparently, Holland has a bike for every person in the country.
 bowl of fruit (that was consumed by me soon after this was taken)
 the sky was blue for the first time in what felt like forever
 The convenience store located in Breddenberg, Germany - across the street from our family's house
 me :-) at gold sand beach at lucayan national park in the bahamas.
 Austin with a bag of cement- it's mixed with fresh water and somehow dries underwater- in about 40 minutes.
 The bride posing in front of the glass wall overlooking a forest.
 barn in levan orange truck
 Built in 1858, the Wells Fargo building in Columbia, California housed the Wells Fargo Office on the ground floor and living quarters upstairs.
 water was so still i just had to get a photo of the reflections in the water since they were so clear
 The spare bed is the cat bed when the spring sunshine floods in the window
 There's a black bear in there....I promise.
 Rose window at st. Timothy's church in west la on pico and beverly glen
 windmills flying in the sky
 This boat was built in a specially build warehouse along the ond and then loaundhed.
 Pathway for the blind on sidewalk in Nagasaki
 The view, in the direction of the Bahnhof, or train station, from my window
 This female lion looked exactly in my camera lens. Snap!
 Stained glass window in Queen's Tower
 View from a door in house in Cordoba, Spain
 Ocean Shores Sand castle building festival 2008. Happens in Late July
 That is in Santa Elena Canyon, The canyon wall behind me is in Mexico.Taken June 29, 2006 in Big Bend National Park
 Girl in the green dress w/mummy and Oreo
 *sniff* "I do like this sink much more than the old one". Loo inspects her new sink in the bathroom
 Recent pic - my viewpoint from the keyboard chair at Living Hope    Church. The drummer's in a booth. Lol
 from the sidewalk in front of the building next door.
 left over Indian from yummy curry Karorilamb kebab, chicken tikka, plus omelette, asparagas, mushrooms, red pepper, spring onion 
 The forest floor treated us to this display of color on a trail in Washington.
 No Fishing sign with replica of Columbus's ship the Nina in the background
 Photoshoot of a pretty swimsuit bikini model.Before the shoot, in a white shirt and blue jeans.and a cool black necklace.
 lucy in the bathroom window
 It's a long way down...the white spot by the river is a house.
 WSOR office car special on the Metra Milwaukee district north line, shown here in Fox Lake, IL. 
 smiley boy in the car
 blue sky bakery in sunset park
 Thames Clipper boat on the river in London
 A view out the front window of my house in Fond du Lac
 Turns out cute animal names are forbidden in the restaurant
 blue sky is better in monochrome
 Play of light on an archway of  rock by a river in the Isolated Hill Scenic Reserve
 A favorite building in LA, I liked how the street lamp being out allowed me to get this shot.
 Us at the man base - with an unknown woman at the back left jumping in the photo - TOO FUNNY
 blue herons outside my window this morning...just flew in
 Seven mile bridge from below the road deck
 girl in a car
 The creek will flow under the back walkway and meander to the base of the Texas persimmon tree at the right of the photo.
 The water in this part of the Andeman Sea was super warm and calm and clear and relaxing.
 Castle window reflected in the river
 Daytrip by train to Lisba, by car to Estoril, Cascais and then on to Simtra.
 17May Me in train carriage 259 seat 36 by the window
 Covered in red Chiyogami paper featuring crane motif
 A portrait of a three toed box turtle found in the woods.
 This is on the wall in Paul's office
 Two people in a tub with a dog and a duck
 Toucan is a bird that lives in the rain forest of Central and South America
 Ruth with camera reflected in mirror of bathroom in Old Bangkok Inn, Bangkok
 zaza's treasure box: felt trinket box by Haba full of tulle, blue Barrel of Monkeys, masks...)
 Sukhumi road sign in Zugdidi
 CIMG1239: Stewed chicken in a hot pot
 Lion heads in front of house off the Barnes town green
 Size M scrub top by SBWhite with navy, blue, green, and pink floral pattern, cross over neck, and tie back.$4
 Janel, sitting on the huge fallen tree in the middle of the path.
 These just barely stick out above the water at high tide; all of this ground is covered.
 red zebra stripe stencil, paint pens, decopauge paper soccer ball and ribbons in team colors.
 A sign on the side of road somewhere near Gainesville.
 Old Beauty in black and white
 a fun day in glasgow finished seeing black mountain at the oran mor, a church-turned-venue. a good day, vancouver pride.
 feet on the ground head in the sky its okay I know nothings wrong-Talking Heads
 lumpy tree matt in hat
 I was laying down with the camera at ground level in the flower garden to take this.
 Woman sitting with her shopping in Seoul Tower. Love Locks adorn the fence behind her.
 Home desk in home office
 This white cat doesn't leave this banyan tree. It even cradles the cat in its roots.
 Last one in my small serious of the tiny blue flower - wish I knew the name of this small beauty....
 bird street and flower market, in hk
 Pure white bliss in a flower
 Shiny black stained glass diamond-shaped pendant, edged in silver and finished with a beaded silver butterfly charm.
 Just a snap of the guys working outside. The picture is framed by the door of the place I was sitting in.
 Darlington South Park, bridge over sunken garden.Nikon L35 AF, Fuji Neopan 400, Hoya yellow K2 filter.
 Picture in Auckland, the sign in the background is charting the countdown to the world cup final.... he he he 
 corridor in the defense wall leading to the farthest tower
 molly, week 36 in the yellow chair
 on a rock in the river
 Wow.  Just wow.  Spent the entire concert, bottle of water in each hand, front and center.
 the man in the yellow hat
 This is from the apple tree in front of our house
 Chimaki black floral cosmetic bag with handle (made in japan)
 The Boy playing in his sand and water table. June 2008
 little yellow duck has a swim in the river
 out the window of the car with my xaolympus xa with fuji neopan ss (100) developed in ID-11.
 lady in the blue poka dot dress
 Deze loopt door van bovenaan gelijkvloers over tussenvloer naar verdieping. Achteraf wordt alles netjes afgetaped.
 Demolition in South Harrow.  Taken from bus window with crappy phone camera on way to work.
 Encased in clear glass
 Baby beanie loom knitted in Lion Brand Blue yarn, Red Heart red and white yarns.
 Alert dog in the window spots us in SF.
 a pink house belonging to relatives of my friend atop the mountain in Gejiu, Yunnan, China
 a nest for a blue bird near the new chicken pen.
 i like this one cause you can see the flower in the back ground and the flower in focus in the water drop.
 My Dad in the cart and the horse field behind him on 15 fairway
 Memories in a blue sky blues
 A shoreline bird feeding in the water on the coast near Ocean Shores, Washington. (20090115_9672)
 This is a picture I took of the sky over my house today.
 Anna decorating the Christmas tree at her parents' house in Swarthmore, PA.
 Snowflakes in car window
 Mexico, yucatan peninsula, near cancun, riviera maya, akumal, white sand beach with coconut palm tree, people
 The alcove in my daughter's room, she painted it orange to match the flower on her bedroom set.
 Another crossing.  The pipe passes over the channel, so why not add a bike access bridge too. DSCF1747
 the green water of the pacific ocean in a small bay on the canterbury coast
 There were quite a few small plans flying over the ocean tonight. Interesting effect.
 Women in black with the hat
 our classroom is in this building
 USA, Canon Beach, OR: Beautiful beach scenes from the northern Oregon coast around Cannon Beach.
 Old cemetery with bare winter tree seen along highway in Maine. January 2004.
 This is the street where you can find the house in which I live.
 Max looking cute in his car seat
 Soft-shelled turtle in the oh-so-distinctive sand around Buchanan Lake
 a cute butt- naked kid parading around the beach looking for jelly fish.
 boy time in the boat
 iced over passenger sign window
 tiny plant in a nook of tree roots covered with lichen
 Nice clear sky with moon reflection in the marina water.Going BandW just adds to the the mystic.Focus 52
 Denuded branches on a dry, windswept tree near Ucluelet, BC, on the west coast of Vancouver Island
 Catapulting a marshmallow over the castle wall in Cabin Fever
 A very nice old bank building sitting empty in downtown Farmington, Michigan
 train tracks by mom's house
 Walking in the water sand pit.
 Blue sky with mirroring in water
 Quick layout of the project I am starting this week. A nice size coffee table done in black walnut.
 spirit in nature T shirt black and white copy
 Sailing boat passing the cruise ship Rex Rheni moored in Enkhuizen
 A window and old street lamp in Boston's picturesque Beacon Hill area.
 A duck in water
 Stained glass window of the Royal Society of Chemistry in Burlington House Piccadilly 
 house in water
 A bird lording over the beach at Deception Pass State Park, Washington
 Wooden sign for the Southern Cross Hotel from the balcony above Duval.
 Stripped cork trees beside the road on the west coast of Portugal - en route to Lisbon
 reflection = lovelyif you look close you can see the turtle head in the water
 Contrail and clouds in blue sky
 the boy in the sand
 A busy river estuary in south Devon UK. I like the bird feeders.
 Many government building in canada bear the official government of canada logo you see here.  This building belongs to the Department of Defense.
 I love these flowers mixed in with the yellow and red flowers.
 Gaslight is used in Sarlat old town, Perigord, France. This old street lamp is my most viewed shot.
 Klosterkirche direkt am Blautopf - Minster directly in the blue pot
 Pink looking back inside the kitchen window around 10PM on a summer evening in Cashel.
 Yes, that's a beer in a Martini glass with a flower in it
 Canon 580ex with white umbrella  in front of model and sigma 530DG with blue gel back to the model. 
 my favorite tree in my school, it was live in front of my classroom door
 View from office window of the snows overlooking the O2 dome. Submitted to and used by Sky News, Feb 2009. 
 This old single screen theater in downtown Alma is used for plays by the local theatrical troupe.
 an amanita rises above fallen oak leaves in a mexican cloud forest
 the bridge bar in valletta
 Where in DC Dan wore blue and white saddle shoes, a blue and white striped shirt and tried talking with my teeth clenched.
 A red train going by just behind the trailer in the previous photo. 
 Reflection in the window beside my bed 042109 Day278
 Mario spotted walking near my house
 rock in the sky
 the cat in the hat
 My wacky Social Studies teacher from last year Mr. Miller in his pink shirt
 Looking at the scenery from a crack in the wall on the way up the tower
 KF just emerging from the water you can see the fish in its bill
 fans in a paris bar watch france play italy in the world cup final on july 9, 2006
 A Korean soda machine next to an African market in the World Showcase.
 its a blurred cow in a field taken from the other side of  the hedge
 Graffiti we left on a black sand beach in Hawaii.
 Tons of white shirts under a black light
 Shoe compartment in train car
 A flower on the hill in Eisenhower Park.
 bird by the water
 Growing on the old wooden planks of a bridge over the River North Esk, near Eskbank Cottage.
 surf boards in black and white
 Lower level bath vanity photo.  Look in mirror to opposite wall, tile in room is on all walls to backsplash height.
 Small treatment plant in a house
 The dusty-floorboard sky in typicalWinter, lilac hues, and like glass it glowsSilver, whilst the warm tones lie behind.  
 A reasonably good airplane window shot of the Salton Sea, one of the more bizarre bodies of water in the world.
 There were clear signs of water everywhere, but no actual water.(In an arroyo in the BLM land.)
 samurai and horse in water
 A brand new sink and stainless steel energy efficient dishwasher were just installed in the new kitchen
 Beth in her field of red flowers
 Yes, berries. taken in a forest behind my house
 I just had to take a picture of this cute cat napping in the shade.so free of worries and lazy
 castle located on top of the hill in Assisi, Italy.
 This lake was over the road from the one in the next picture in the photostream
 This was a window display.  I like the reflection in the glass of the brick building across the street.
 white cala against green
 SB600 CR bounced into cornerSB80 CL bounced into wall on leftSB80 on chair in room to right Ambient in far room 
 chickens against a blue wall
 gold bar photo trip 1-2 TAPC: Fella in the back tree in front
 Maleah in her red dress
 A black pine in the National Park of Valia Calda, Greece
 Shot was taken through glass hence the dirty smudge above the dolphin tail. 
 Check out the cute girl in the background.  :)
 a wall in one of our friends house with a ridiculous amount of crosses
 cute little roof details at the "visitors centre" in the ancient city.
 Using a flat PVC reinforced panel in the bottom of the door and an obscure glass
 Not a cloud in the sky and calm water
 Part of the 3000 ft of braid,with Marks grandfathers jail door car in the foreground.
 The roof is actually more yellow than white in real life.
 A man sits and read a newspaper while sat on a Havana street on April 20, 2005 in Cuba.
 This rippling in the sand is caused by the water flowing out of the spring.
 Boston, MAApril 2009A glorious spring day in Boston with temperatures in the high 80s and clear blue skies.
 The tower bridge on one of the nicer days in London
 there are a couple more coming up but the plant is having a hard time coming out and up under the basket
 Beautifull beach close to IWAMI GINZAN called Yumigahama. When you step in the beach the sand makes unusial sounds.  FUN.
 imagine this cat swinging 300 ft above the ground hanging from his ankles!
 brand new road in front of new  collins building on waterfront side of buildings.on street parking  and big car jail 
 A lovely rusty roofed farm building on Abercairny Estate near Creiff.
 Amazing sand sculptures on the beach in Sitges, Spain.
 Mountainy lake in Parnitha mountain !
 Helping my future son in law cut down a couple of damaged pine trees at his new home....
 red sky over offa
 gray skies over blue mountains
 Plenty of closet space in a comfortable room with longleaf pine floor and magnificent stenciling.
 Ife, Chandra and I pose at the top of the rock above the beach
 Adventures in silver glass 3
 Heraldic glass in the south window of the chancel.
 We created 8-10 of these escort cards for each table and organized them in vintage library card drawers.
 Italia-Australia 1-0, my colleagues in my office (one of the few in the building with tv !)
 Big yellow hibiscus against a deep green background.
 Munster's Lifeimi Mafi try to make ground by kicking the ball up the field
 fish in water
 Brett jumping off rock into Long Lake near Serene Lakes-13 7-29-07
 lots of baby strollers in line at blue bottle kiosk
 from the car window - the best way to see the great views in the lakes
 Thatch roof house in Gotemba.
 Carved water flow in rock near Pisac, Peru
 this building is framed nicely by the street light
 This vintage sign is on a building in the Australian exhibit at the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium.
 Another flowering plant found in Dad's flower garden.
 Yup, a lemon in a plastic cup wearing a hat.
 Usa, south carolina, near charleston, magnolia plantation and gardens in fall, white bridge and trees reflecting in pond
 This little Gold Finch was sitting on a Brown-eyed susan in the flower garden in our front yard.
 This person was in some sort of motarized thing, flying way above the tree line.
 a cat and some melons in a market in mumbai
 Nicole got pretty face and good figure,when she dressed black Underwear in studio, it was so charming and attractive
 Gotta love this mural painted on the wall of an old building in downtown Victoria.  Wonderful artistry!
 Seedlings of my myrtle spurge sown in a bonsai pot on my balcony
 rock tower by will
 A house built in the 1200's, still stands today, used as every other building around it.
 my deep red fu dog :3i bought him from a little shop in Chinatown that was closing :(
 Russell's the one in the hat and red lipstick
 Something's fishy! Mason crawls around with this plastic fish in his mouth. April, 2007. 
 The fish market in Rimini
 i went into the forest near my house in the fall and took this picture.
 clarence newton road - near blowing rock - october 2008
 boy in a box
 Jackson's 3rd Birthday party weekend out at the beach house in Lincoln City
 This tree caught my eye.  Growing in the sand and a pool of water nearby.
 false teeth in plastic bag found in my grandfathers attic. labeled by my grandmother.
 Kept getting drawn to images  next door when the house was gutted to put in a new first floor.
 boy in toy car
 A tree lit by a lamp post on the 427 in Toronto
 A bottle of Life water in the cemetery
 A coptic bound album in a clamshell box, covered in paper made from old blue jeans
 someone drew back in some of the tiles that had fallen off the wall - the blue are actual tiles!
 In the 1950s there was a giant Lenin monument around where I'm standing for this picture
 The green hat on Tjericks head prevented me from getting lost in the crowd on at least one piss break.  
 Lily in a water bottle / Day 10 of 365
 My handsome golden boy :) He glows in the sun!!
 running around, in the woods, in the rain, will tucker out any dog
 smiling cute girl in a white dress
 I thought it was cute that he was laying beside my bear so I had to get a pic.
 Cute female house sparrow in Stockholm
 a drop of water from the sink reflecting in the sunlight
 Snow blown against pine tree trunks, Bennachie Forest, Aberdeenshire, Scotland
 passing the ball to Aba in the water
 Arvore vermelha na paisagem verde escura. Red tree over dark  green landscape. (14.08.03)
 A castle in the forest
 The building in front of the tower
 rock formations along Mt. Lemmon highway in Arizona (outside Tucson)
 tree in winter field
 Heated pool in the backyard of the polo beach house at SESPI's 2
 An old Copper clock hanging on the corner of a building near Lake and Michigan Streets in Chicago
 pink flower by the watering hole in South Africa
 bikes on grass doubled over some forest
 skull in floor at bar
 No other cat uses this spot.This window is in Greenwood, Seattle March 7th.  2008
 Rare cheetah dog on beach in boracay, Philippines
 This is a reflection in a television set.I was sixteen sitting on the bed of an eighteen year-old. Naked knees.
 A dog in the morning on the beach
 My seat aka a metal bar on the top of a truck in Northern Kenya
 A boy and a girl in Bari Italy 1972
 Ben stands on a rock and is distracted by something shiny nearby.
 A touch of blue sky in the forest canopy.
 Isabelle in cute dress
 house in the mountain
 somebody can see the sky in the dirty puddle
 my pedicure in the sunlight of rosie's kitchen matches the floor tiles expertly
 Colors, after getting chased up the tree by the dog
 view from the tower on the market square in bruges, belgium
 Same flower as below 'Sunday Morning' but having produced pollen.  (Forgive my weak botony and plant physiology description...)
 Andy sittin' in the sand at the beach in Kill Devil Hills
 Fox squirrel sitting up in the grass
 The light trails are from an old woman turning on to the road i was standing in the middle of.
 A 'rocker' sits in an oversized chair in the bed of his pickup
 A super cute animal magnet! This an adorable "pet" koala that needs a home! Measures about 10cm by 5cm.
 Beautiful blue bird in Estes Park
 cypress tree looking beautiful against the blue sky
 An old clock overlooks the old river bridge in Potes in Cantabria, Spain
 Strawberry in pink water
 Broken fence at the beach near Ystad town in Sweden.
 cat in a box
 Frequently, we go to the UNF library where I work in a third floor conference room. 
 girl design on plate in the kiln
 Check in desk of beach side.
 empty beds in the sleeping car - large better -
 A red barn out near my house
 There are always birds sitting on this fence in the morning.
 Isabelle watching the squirrel in the live trap from the office window
 The setting sun seen from the coast road near Mio, Hyogo.
 "My goal in life is to be as good of a person as my dog already thinks I am." 
 My son thinking of going into the water early summer in Sweden
 toy boats for the boat lake in Jardin du Luxembourg, Paris, France
 Peru, amazon river basin, near iquitos, maranon river, rainforest, victoria amazonica waterlily flower  reflecting in lake
 tree over building
 This lake in Wales was so peaceful. Just a shame that the sky was so dull.
 A snapping turtle crosses the road in Dekalb, GA.
 from the window of the 30th floor of my office building in tampa.
 Our hyper dog. Debating jumping into the river....knowing full well she could get the duck in the distance. 
 sample wall in our office
 id1258 bridge basel switzerland basle mittlere rheinbrucke bridge crosses the rhine river in baselstadt 
 Bas-relief on the wall of the train station in Philadelphia, PA.
 A man washes his dog in Acupe, Brazil as the water rose
 tree on building in Vancouver
 white paper under Processing influence.
 the only free vending machine in the las vegas airport, the water fountain of bygone era.
 A male in the water vocalizing
 I'm quite happy with this photo and how the white flowers stand out against the black background.
 bird in water
 Fire out beyond Royston hill by the looks of it. Shot through the windows of the 18th floor
 A young girl walking with school children in the courtyard of Jama Masjid
 The Bengals walking on the field before the Bengals vs. Browns football game at Paul Brown Stadium in Cincinnati, Ohio
 I decided to get a few nice shots of the singlecar DMU sitting beside the station sign
 fit for 4-8 ppl come with 2 chair and table cover for free. it was brough over $200.
 snow white and boy in white t-shirt . "fiona...put that sambuca bottle down..it is evil!"
 after sleeping in the car
 Hot dog in a vending machine
 on wooden floor in recreation hall
 Patrick lives in a green building with a badass roofdeck. 
 Seagulls are waiting on the bridge in a foggy day, while others are flying
 crack dealer in red hook and while the kiddies are unloading off the bus no less.
 There's a horse pasture in Ridley Creek State Park, Pennsylvania. This is where I took this photo.
 our cute babe sleeping, comforted by a tea bag pillow made by granma
 My buddy at the beach house in Galvieston for my friend's Bachelor party. We rented a big house!
 Roof Access door in my building
 Amazon Sunset - 12metres high - in tree top - climb up tower to get 360 degree view of raniforest canopy
 I remember sitting underneath this clock tower when I first shipped out for basic training back in 1999!
 Pretty flower patches in pale and deep blue
 Relaxing under a palm tree on remote beach
 Flower against stone wall at Mt Uncle Distillery near Cairns.
 25mm Black Hat  "three musketeers" Servant in dirty shirt
 Orange cat by an orange night
 Taken from the roof top of Warid's office building in Uttara
 Woman in pink dress sitting in chair holding roses
 empty INH bottle in my makeup bag
 The unobstructed view out of my hotel suite's bedroom window for the first 1 1/2 months in Lunenburg
 Most of the windows in the church are by Wailes or Wailes and Strang of Newcastle, 1847-98 - north transept, north window
 So many bus companies under 1 roof
 A girl in sky
 Caught the kitten under the computer desk playing with all the cords.
 Jo Jo considered diving into the murky, thick water of this river in Dublin.
 Funny car in downtown  on beale street
 Round picnic rock with Serene lake and talus in the background
 life boat on a Coast Guard ship in Charleston SC
 Madrid street planting I happened upon while walking around
 Minnie in pink cake ~~~~~~~~~~ bolo Minnie rosa
 water droplets over banksia green filter
 the palatine hill ,centre of the roman civilisation ,with mussolini,s house in background
 A quick tour around the room, starting with the bathroom behind the door and the entrance behind curtain #1.
 Oops, the tree is cracked in half and has fallen on the little guest house clipping the roof corner and the electrical box.
 The ivy was growing on a tree at my Brother's house near Berne, NY
 Soft satin fabric in a soft, creamy white color; rum pink trim
 we found a horse, a camel, and a chicken in this cloud
 Those 2 towers in the background are the CNN buildings. Note the stagecoach sign on the lamp post. 
 gull flying over the water
 We found some open water at Mitchell Lake near Rocky Mountain House although only half the lake was open. 
 girl in the nam ou river near vang vieng
 A rusty wall in Osaka, Japan 2009.
 A bird I saw in the moutains - there were lot's of em flying aroud us.
 James in the water at the beach
 entrance to the old Carnegie Library in downtown Bradford, PA. the building now houses a great beef bar called Beefeaters
 weird repaeated cat in the hat graffitti that is dotted around leeds city centre, this one's near the train station
 blue and yellow in magalluf
 Graffiti painted on the wall of a ship yard in Terminal Island, Los Angeles.
 First day, first rapids. That red thing in the river, on the right, is a boat caught against a rock.
 The famous trail ridge road above the tree line. This is shot @ 11,500 ft
 20080417 - Oranjello in our yard - 154-5439 - Carolyn - standing by tree
 Stain glass window in Barcelona Spain
 Preparing the fish in the plastic bag
 A church in Queen Anne just up the street from Prospect Park.
 Waves breaking over a small rock on Waikiki beach
 Swedish coffee pot styled water tower in Kingsburg. California's "Swedish Village".
 This one of the flower pots that i have put flowers in and there is one furit tree in this one
 The clock tower in the admiralty park
 Jheel 11 months and new car and house in PA004.JPG
 Foster kitten under the bed at a friend's house
 Some fairy lights and a red berry christmas decoration in my house portryed with bokeh.
 Saturday morning market under the bridge
 Man in a blue dress
 Egg white and scallop in potato basket
 A street in Oxford. There was a large flag pole protuding from the parapit in the foreground. It was a beast to remove. 
 Blue lights wrapped around tree lined street
 old wooden houses in front of turku castle
 gold coast near to my house
 WSOR office car special on the Metra Milwaukee district north line in Fox Lake, IL.
 just a girl walking by
 Another White Trash Wedding recycled plastic bag art by Ruby Re-Usable May 2009 088
 little bird under the bridge
 Seaward wall of an old  art gallery perched above the beach at Nye Beach, Newport
 Keep a green tree in your heart and perhaps a singing bird will come.
 Earls Court exhibition center. We're in the building directly behind this one, follow the road on the left to get there.
 dog just crossed over the water on a single bamboo pole
 Blue boy in a blue room.
 The highest single span arch bridge in the world, 216 m above the Bloukrans River.
 July 20 2010 -  Early AM storms provide a wide shelf cloud over John Redmond Reservoir. 3:18 AM
 A girl holds a red balloon while resting on a bench at the Public Gardens in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
 Buttons with metallic layer over base black
 lone palm tree in millet field
 water in the sky
 Climbing sign is what it is, good view all around as the building kind of sits on Richmond hill.
 Me in a frozen grass field, near the Turku castle
 sky in glass
 little girl in pink 4
 onions in a red basket
 Sophomore Daniel Olwig attempting to get the cross off before the ball goes over the endline 
 my snake killa in my liil bro toby the cute dog
 from the front door walking straight in you end up here in the kitchen.  Kitchen is very nicely done.
 I spotted this on the roof of a building in Roswell.
 HPIM0661.JPG man and dog awed by lake erie spring sunset
 cross eyed cat that lived under the house
 Berlin graffiti, television tower in the background
 The basement door from the rear hall finished in golden oak.
 View out of the removed window in the office
 happy times in red lion
 The cute old cat that lives in my closet.She likes hanging out with my shoes.
 rooster wall hanging in kitchen #1
 Limestone rock field on the trail below the Arboretum going to the duck pond.  Austin, TX
 This brand new monument marks the spot where Homer Plessy was arrested for boarding the train in the "wrong" car
 Songkran--Thai New Year Festival celebrated with water fights in the street all day! 
 The boy in the mirror
 The sink has been moved to under the window
 water under the bridge
 bike in a bamboo house
 a beautiful bird in a tree
 Old blue door in Venice
 Marines build water tower in the Philippines
 Looking in from where wall was towards bar
 The door from our balcony to the room of our $35/night hotel in Ubud.
 The bridge on the "Low" road above us with the waterfall coming straight at us.
 This is house on the beach in Barbados was used in the show General Hospital.
 a flower and a beee near  point reyes light house
 blue water_cruise ship in background
 Front door before I replanted the flower bed with Celosia. It has winter pansies in it here.
 Fraternity retreat over Thanksgiving at Dean Foy's lake house on Lake Martin.
 cute store in galeria do rock
 My wall of pics near my shelf of books
 Our guide dog puppy in training and our boston jack russell mix sitting together
 McLaren F1 road car in the reception of the McLaren Technology Centre
 2 bedroom 1 bathroom house with a cool yeard near Sunset Highschool in Portland Oregon
 cat in a window frame
 water ball in green palm
 toilet sign in Macau for dog bathroom
  the fish market in Montesanto Naples
 A study in black and red
 Female teenage black bird in our garden
 A black bear moving across Yellowstone and eating bugs on the downed tree trunks in Yellowstone.
 Not cool... driving over a bridge, 12 stories high, atop a double-decker bus
 The skyline of Atlanta shot over an old granite stone wall on a sunny day
 red wood knots in tree
 13 May 2009.  Cycle lane which also shows a happy face on a street in lower Manhattan, New York, USA
 with my trusty car i stopped on an island in the mississippi river
 This shot is of the rain forest floor in Barro Colorado, Panama.
 graffitti on the back of a door in shorditch house
 Behind home plate near the field
 Magnolia flower caught with a beautiful blue sky in the background.
 Scottish flag, clock tower in Inverness
 girl in a window
 At the New Mexico Museum of Art. Detail in the lobby (massive wooden table top).
 Poor thing got stuck between a window and a wall.  As seen from the sidewalk in Deep Ellum
 Front door of an abandoned house in Sanford FL
 Reflections of a cloudy sky in water droplets.
 The wildflowers by the road at the welcome sign to Cleveland, Georgia
 Sheep on an 'island' of grass with flood water around them.
 I don't know the name of the mountain in this pic.. t\Taken at the altitude of 17000 fts. in Gurudangmar lake in Sikkim
 Looking from our front window at my car in the snow - Feb 2007
 My cat loves sleeping under the blanket whether the sheets are being changed or not.
 The largest wooden building in the world, housing a massive statue of Buddha.
 ship in the suez canal surrounded by desert sand 
 Steve Winter and Bob Simon walking along river in the Pantanal
 Lenticular cloud over mountain
 I just love the colours of the sky and the water in this.
 Remains of the river bridge at Selva Verde, taken out by this year's high water of the Sarapiqui River.  090322
 mirror fountain (disco ball mosaic) - project in progressmirror mosaic - night, pink illumination
 pink marbles in pillow
 I have been in a black and white mood lately.
 taking the dog for a swim in kings lake
 Brown toad sitting in the grass
 Purple and white flower painted in Photoshop Elements.  This photo is best viewed in the Large size.
 Brazil, rio de janeiro, vermelha beach, man giving water to dogs sitting on post, sugarloaf mountain in background
 a few small scratches in head boars.  Same thing at cross bar on footboard.  
 Painted the first wall in the bedroom.  We still need to get rid of our frat house bedding, I know.
 Late last summer a tree in front of my house disappear. I don know why.
 African American girl sitting in school desk smiling at viewer.
 This was Lianne's pizza of choice, we ate them half and half. There is a plate under there ;)
 Relaxing under a palm tree on remote beach
 Projection RoomExploration of St Crispins hospital main hall and clock tower in Northampton.
 1st Squadron, 9th US Cavalry sign on Hunter, a base in Maysan Province Iraq
 off highway 6 near silver plume, colorado
 Cute gift or put this in the bathroom for the holidays. Embroidered toilet paper roll. Wrapped in tulle.
 river in the sky
 F**king shiny - the flash doesn't do them justice, because you can see your face in them...
 We were at river for a water search. This is Jen's Dad(Harry), in his water rescue gear.
 Old water tower on a cold winter morning in Owosso 
 I caught this cloud over my house at sunset.
 red light in the hotel window
 Green is building up her fleer, meanwhile yellow in the background is terraforming.
 some dude ran off the road and onto the beach..heres some glass in a flashlight that i got from the "crime scene"
 The small bridge over the UQ lake
 sitting by the river
 cross within glass
 second floor - Red Room ...clock table by Miss Ceejay Writer
 we painted the house all white amd one wall orange although it looks red in here.. it's orange! (:
 Amazing tree against the sky
 Corsica is surrounded by beautiful white crescents of sand - with crystalline tuquoise water
 I've seen many an evening with this beautiful pink hue in the sky after sundown.
 Bird gourd house in redbud tree
 Horribly disgusting river water with dead things floating in it.Pretty building though!Florence.
 Playing Dad's guitar in the kitchen in Staples.
 Driving over the Golden Gate, no time to bike the bridge this time.
 Humanities Building, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah. Magnificent Wasatch peaks reflected in the curved plate glass facade.Explore. 10.23.2009. #417.
 this fence you can find another side of the road in Stonehenge. 
 Model: Jason PritchardHe drew a big cross on his face in purple for no reason. :P Typical. 
 Caterpillars have built a 'web' around a bridge instead of the usual oak tree 
 The window in the east wall of the north transept - detail.
 Teenage boy helping a teenage girl in a classroom
 Through the window of her tiny home, she looked like the saddest girl in the world.
 The black blob in the middle is a swarm of monarch butterflies hanging from a tree branch.
 An ivy (or some other climber) climbing a wall of Wawel castle in Krakow 
 Leaving the beach the storm clouds were coming in. the tree in the foreground is the national tree.
 Small bridge over river Churn, Cirencester
 Nice bright red tulip in a vase, shallow DOF allows for real focus on the heart of the flower
 It probably takes hundreds of years to form the fragile and colorful rock formations visible beneath the hot spring water.
 ShanghaiDad loved this TV which swivelled around from the living room to the bed
 Just a shot of the canyon wall behind Pueblo Bonito with one of the ruins' walls in front...
 The water of Lake George in Canaan, Maine, appears blue on a clear day.
 Got the sink in.  Notice the beautiful wall above the countertop - the tile is gone and the wall is repaired.
 the car in the mirror
 Berlin, fantastic classic cubic guardhouse, on the ground of a post office in Wilmersdorf. 16.12. 2006
 A Hmong New Year celebration in Phonsavan in northern Laos. The ball throwing game where girl meets boy..
 Orlando has become a master at tile installation. Here in the master bedroom of the upper unit in building A.
 Gracie sound asleep against the screen door.  Blue sleeping normal, for once!
 twirly glass in the Thai tropical forest
 This little wooden Buddha has been sitting in my garden for as long as I can remember.
 in sky tower
 Young Boy's Reflection in the bus window
 cute cute lion cubs in the Lion Park outside Johannesburg
 The chemistry building is on the right. The glass bridge in the center connects the chemistry and life science buildings.
 disigned by Nishida Shatner(2009)uncut square paper / from frog base
 Canoa with sand dredge ship in the background
 found a pretty new kitchen towel in Wally World...or a mat for the table....
 Sunset near our house today.  We grabbed the truck and chased this one until we found the right vantage point.
 haha she looks like she's standing in front of a green screen.  The lake is so pretty it looks fake!  
 Photo taken through the window of a bus.  A street cat perched on a wall in Instanbul.
 a house near the beach
 This shot of Mexico City shows commuters in their cars and people walking and standing along the sidewalk.
 Single green telephone in Takasago, 14.5. 2007
 flower in the sand
 This egret was fishing in the water near the highway overpass.  He caught a few, too.
 highrise office tower in the finacial district - san francisco, california
 The castle by the river
 repainting the water tower in clear lake city, TX. near johnson space center.
 Stuck under the desk behind the tower of Toys. 
 Penguins were swimming in the water... I wanted to go down to the beach too, but this is not allowed. 
 I took this while being bored walking in the dried up river bed. 
 Ice buildup over tree branches, caught in a street light
 Scene in the kitchen china cabinet
 Looking down on a maze of tracks going in and out of a Fisher Price GeoTrax clock tower
 I thought this was a neat photo. The White cliffs set in front of the clear blue sky.
 Main Street at Lake Albert closed due to water over the road (not visible from this position).
 boy playing in the sand
 A Japanese fountain at the same farmers market in the bowl there was smoke floating around....cool
 A garden in Kamakura, Japan decorated with paper umbrellas. The fence is bamboo.
 A nice picture of the Eiffel tower with the bridge and it's gold statues in the foreground.
 sky in the water
 sign in a german bathroom
 castle in the sky
 My little cat in a bathtub
 that's probably my 20th glass of water in my hand.  "yay!" for being the DD.  :)
 Hillside view of the village of Oia in Santorini with orange building, blue domed churches, caldera and ocean with boats in the harbor
 Fruiting palm tree in the temperate palm house at the Royal Botanic Garden, Edinburgh, Scotland. 
 Entry to our apartment building in Sarajevo. Note the bullet holes below the white framed window.
 Mrs. Chatterjee in roof top green house garden in Ooty
 A beach rock with a hole in it.
 lucky enough to get this side by side  snap of the white and brown bison.   perception based photography ... pattern.
 A boy in the tree
 Demolition in South Harrow.  Taken from bus window with crappy phone camera on way to work.
 Me -me in the little golden mirror in my toilet :-) 
 flower in pink
 Check it out, people! A small TV in the bathroom mirror!
 The master bedroom window makes you feel like you are in a tree house
 These doves were later released from the roof of the Agos building by Hrant Dink's wife and daughters
 Red rover, red rover send the red fish over
 lake by the road
 Pluto's dog house and food bowl in Mickey's backyard
 The top lid is made from compressed paper pulps-like the material used in egg crates.
 Grass growing near the castle stone walls of the Edinburgh Castle in Scotland, UK
 The cooling towers across from the meadowhall shopping centre. Taken from car window as we queued in m1 motorway traffic 
 A couple of cherry trees in the middle of the Imperial Gardens.  The grass had not turned green yet...
 zooming in on a couple of Prague's towers as seen from the castle hill
 I love the contrast of the natural dark colors against the natural brown black wool.
 Vermont School of Agriculture Class of 1941.  Photo taken near the classroom building constructed for the Randolph State Normal School in 1894.
 brown jelly fish in deep greensea
 mixed media, on wooden cigar box top, sealed in resin
 Becky, Jenny and Me in a giant wooden shoe
 This lone dog on the beach is having dog fun at Fleet Peeples Dog Park near Orlando.
 Towers against a blue sky
 Menorca - Binibequer vell.White church tower and chimney against a deep blue sky.
 South beach Miami - New Years eve 2006.  Picture taken in 30th floor of the Flamengo building.
 someone once told me there used to be a dance bar in this building
 After a few feet you cross this small bridge over the stream. This area is pretty much flat.
 I took this through the airplane window flying over Honduras, between San Pedro Sula And LaCeiba.
 The street dressed in white
 ...in space.This is not manipulated. Its a pic. taken of a light bulb in a lamp standing in the window at nighttime. 
 girl in window
 teak wood sofa chair by T Furniture (THAILAND)
 Kenya red cross.  The boy in the middle is Zuhura's son.
 Sage was peering around the tree at me while I was walking in the woods with the dogs.
 Here's an option for the flower girl dresses in sarah's wedding
 On our bike ride from Gavin's house to Point Walter in Western AustraliaOn our bike ride from Gavin's house to Point Walter in Western AustraliaOn our bike ride from Gavin's house to Point Walter in Western Australia
 someone dropped a red sock in with the cat in the wash again.
 walking down the hill in mavrovo
 Attempt at getting a photo - on the fly - of the one really colorful tree in town.
 Initial mock up for the silver dress modelled by Sasara
 Crumpled pink flower in Chester Zoo.
 bird in my window
 An old wooden dynamite box from the Hercules Powder Company at the Southern Pacific depot in Laws, California.
 summer '09 garden - growing w/ other flowers in pasture along chicken coop's north wall
 A cow gets some water and cools of its feet at the Kilby Dairy Farm near Rising Sun, Md.
 This is the insulation I added above the bedroom in a small cape houseThis is the insulation I added above the bedroom in a small cape house
 Tuesday, April 5 in Northern Ireland. County Antrim, Bushmill's Distillery, the Giant's Causeway and the coast of Northern Ireland by bus
 ...staying in a beach house (probably empty 360days of the year) that had its own guest house! 
 Curvy lines formed by an embankment on one side, pavement tiles, and road surfaces.
 There used to be a canal running around the mountain, this is an old canal bridge
 The new world that I found in the box with red beet.
 gated community project_bulgariasofia village, kambanite, sofia.on the wall in red paint: "before doing it, think three times"
 Ghostly image sign above the door to the beeswing
 Strong current with rock underneath the Kangkawat river n have to walk step by step 2 avoid slippy rock.
 the bird in the sky
 Lotus flower in bloom with dark green foliage in background, close-up
 Pancakes in the plate on the wooden table
 From the train window in Hungary
 Look closely to see the tiger carving in this standing rock.
 ted and hilda inside hachi at the red rock in las vegas
 Not exactly the best day to try swimming out to open water through the cleft in the rocks. At the Keei landing.
 Garden as viewed from the balcony of our house in Iriga City, Philippines
 Davis Mountains Texas State Park in the Chihuahuan Desert 2010 trees blue sky
 sitting by the statue half lion galf man half bird
 So much food is collected that the monks have to empty their bowl into basket carried by boys.
 terry cat in the hat
 He pulled it out of the grocery bag and wiggled around the house for almost an hour. 
 There was a boat in the water that I wanted to capture but the bridge is a wonderful background.
 face painting for a beautiful little girl offered by art students on Europe's day.
 evening sun on white blossomed branches, over the hills of bath
 Simba are playing with his pink ball :Dwarm weather in march :D
 Charly on the top branch of the apple tree in the castle garden.
 The Don Luis 1 bridge spanning the Douro river in Oporto Portugal
 blue tit in frosty tree
 another simple sketch trying to capyure a sky and reflection in water
 lion fountain at base of obelisk in Piazza del Popolo
 Wine and Cheese by the river in front of the house
 Looking down the field near the farm house on South Hill.
 This older woman was rocking this hat with this sticker, while on a walking tour in DC.
 1954 Volkswagen bus - black over orange - rvr
 Snake spotted on a road in Texas--HUGE!!!
 the golden gate bridge from above baker beach - san francisco, california
 Sitting in the bear chair that was his mommy's when she was a baby!!
 derek and albert enjoying the san juan river in mexican hat (a town in utah)
 A fruit and hot dog stand by my house.
 Stained glass window in the Moravian church, Gracehill
 A boat cruises southbound on the Potomac River, about to cross under the Wilson Bridge
 Another long-tail boat along the river as we passed by in our own boat.
 This sign makes me laugh because there is a hill around every corner in San Francisco.
 Our ficus tree that was in an office and now enjoys the garden.
 After a heavy downpour, water pours under the fence into my backyard.
 View from living room with mud room/back door in background. My little espresso bar is there on the left.
 Excavated earth and rubble will dumped in this field - dumper truck in drive to assist removal
 Deer trying to cross road for water in late afternoon.
 the girl in the train car
 woman brunette black reading sitting near Spitalfields Market London 16th January 2011 14:51.52pm
 After nestbuilding and hanging around this old rotted tree for three weeks (alone), a female showed up this morning. 
 A wooden model boat in a window at Iona Abbey
 Birch with autumn yellow leaf , overviewthis beautiful inland lake - Hole in Norway.
 Fresh fruit for sale by the cup in Venice
 Some white building near the Houses of Parliament. On the grass, there are protesters.
 Turbodiddley cigar box guitar by Schoen
 Stained glass window in Antwerp cathedral (IMG_8969)
 a strange white person walking in my coffee
 bridge over the Nenana river near the Denali Air airstrip.
 Walked along the beach in Norway and saw this man sitting in the grass having a deep conversation on the mobile phone.
 this is some type of finch.  it was in a butterfly house that i visited this was in deerfield MA
 Bell in castle tower
 A cute Japanese kid *and* a sign in Engrish
 Beautiful blue against the red
 MA 127052 Pastor's wife, Janet playing an important role in the locat church to train children. (Box)
 black point in the white
 The boys love to sit in the window and watch the birds in the red cedar trees.
 Me on tree near river that is near ocean
 Sweet in a small glass cup
 Rode my bike by this sign everyday. I loved the significance.
 bridal bouquet by candle light
 Strange twisted tree in the middle of the forest
 White tower against blue sky, Portsmouth
 The first mistake was probably getting on the chicken truck in the first place...
 After hopping up the hill in a sack, she was ready to just dive for the next person in line.
 The clock tower on top of the Dimmey's store in Richmond.
 small boy in a field
 Inside, main room of the Treehouse.  The whole house is about 16' square, centered around this big tree trunk. 
 The combination of these dead trees against the amazingly blue sky made for a very remarkable picture.
 bear in blue ridge
 This is the descriptive sign for the mountain laurel glass flowers in the Harvard Museum of Natural History.
 The state bird of Illinois, the Cardinal, hangs out on a tree in Scottsdale.
 road sign in Oingt
 A favourite Victorian pile, and a favourite angle. Nice red and blue I thought too. Just keeping things ticking over here...
 Near kitchen door in living room
 Ring-necked Duck adult male on golden water taken in Tucson AZ in the wild
 lots of cute characters all round japan, this was on a wall in shinjuku
 Found in a library book
 Rainbow over Babs' new office building in Raleigh NC
 The lake as glass in the early morning - what a treat to glide across in a canoe!
 chicken and cheese + BLT on kaiser. best meal I've had in weeks. fifth street bar and grill. 
 Davis Mountains Texas State Park in the Chihuahuan Desert 2010 trees blue sky
 This guy/gal hangs around the church building where I attend services.Homosassa, FL
 Martelot tower number 4 in Lavigueur street
 Max saw a car with a bike in a roof rack and thought it was the craziestthing ever.
 Big Island, black sand beach by volcano with green diamond sands
 the cat under the tree
 Smiling girl in river in northern Thailand.
 that cat slept in mike's bed every night!
 Heading further in on the mountain road towards Arthur's Pass.  Kids now in control of the camera.
 The light poles at the North Pole are decorated in red and white stripes to resemble candy canes.
 Marie and Chris on bridge near the lake in Zurich
 rusty laying in a box of packing paper
 A cargo ship built in 1988, flying the Luxembourg (LU) flag.
 Abandoned Pacific Electric  RR bridge over Santa Ana river in San Bernardino
 This beautiful young girl was an a boat from Vietnam to Laos.Photo taken by Axel Schuering
 This is the view of the pine tree in our side yard from over the top of the roof.
 sky in the lake
 Part of the bed in our bedroom.  Behind the curtain is a door leading to our patio.  
 found this flower when we climb the highest mountain in shenzhen
 Another photo of the rock in the sea, shot into the evening sun, on the beach at Saulkrasti on the Gulf of Riga in Latvia
 wounds from tripping over the log and face planting on her field trip hike.
 A pear tree down over the hill in my yard.
 from inside a bus. person with camera is a reflection in the bus window.
 Zhouzho TV tower in the background. At night it lights up in beautiful colors helping to decorate the night sky in Zhouzho.
 We went to the Library.  I read this whole book myself. Everybody else stayed out in the car and sleeped!
 Merry Go Round, Relaxing in red and white striped chairs, Palace Pier, Brighton, England, UK